abase: humilhar
abash: fazer envergonhado
abate: baixar
abdicate: abdicar
aberration: aberração
abet: instigar
abeyance: inatividade temporária
abhor: abominar
abject: abjeto
abjure: abjurar
abnegate: revogar
abomination: abominação
aboriginal: aborígene
abortive: abortivo
abound: abundar
abridge: abreviar
abrogate: revogar
absolute: absoluto
absolve: absolver
abstinent: abstinente
abstract: abstrato
abstruse: abstruso
abysmal: abismal
accede: aderir
accentuate: acentuar
access: acesso
acclaim: aclamação
accolade: elogio
accord: acordo
accost: abordar
accrue: advir
acerbic: acerbic
acquiesce: aquiescer
acquisitive: aquisitivo
acquit: absolver
acrid: acre
acrimonious: acrimonioso
acronym: acrônimo
acumen: perspicácia
acute: agudo
ad-lib: ad-lib
adage: adágio
adamant: diamante
address: endereço
adduce: aduzir
adherent: aderente
adjourn: adiar
adjunct: adjunto
admonish: admoestar
adroit: hábil
adulation: adulação
adulterate: adulterar
advent: advento
adventitious: acidental
adverse: adverso
advocate: advogado
aesthetic: estético
affable: afável
affectation: afetação
affidavit: declaração
affiliate: afiliar
affinity: afinidade
affliction: aflição
affluent: afluente
afford: proporcionar
affront: afronta
aftermath: conseqüência
agenda: agenda
aggrandize: engrandecer
aggregate: agregado
aggrieve: afligir
aghast: horrorizado
agnostic: agnóstico
agrarian: agrário
alacrity: espontaneidade
alchemy: alquimia
alienate: alienar
allege: alegar
allegiance: fidelidade
allegory: alegoria
alleviate: aliviar
allocate: repartir
allot: atribuir
alloy: liga
allusion: alusão
aloof: indiferente
altercation: altercação
altruism: altruísmo
amass: acumular
ambience: ambiente
ambiguous: ambíguo
ambivalent: ambivalente
ameliorate: melhorar
amenable: dócil
amenity: amenidade
amiable: amável
amnesty: anistia
amorous: amoroso
amorphous: amorfo
anachronism: anacronismo
analogy: analogia
anarchy: anarquia
anathema: anátema
ancillary: auxiliar
anecdote: anedota
angst: angst
anguish: angústia
animosity: animosidade
annex: anexo
annuity: anuidade
anomaly: anomalia
antecedent: antecedente
antedate: antecipar
anterior: anterior
anthology: antologia
anthropomorphic: antropomórfico
antipathy: antipatia
antipodal: antipódico
antiquity: antiguidade
antithesis: antítese
apartheid: apartheid
apathy: apatia
aperture: abertura
apex: ápice
aphorism: aforismo
apocalypse: apocalipse
apocryphal: apócrifo
apogee: apogeu
apoplexy: apoplexia
apostasy: apostasia
apotheosis: apoteose
appalling: apavorante
apparition: aparição
appease: apaziguar
appellation: apelação
appendage: apêndice
apportion: repartir
apposite: apropriado
appraise: avaliar
appreciate: apreciar
apprehensive: apreensivo
apprise: informar
approbation: aprovação
appropriate: apropriado
appurtenance: appurtenance
apropos: a propósito
apt: apto
aptitude: aptidão
arbiter: árbitro
arbitrary: arbitrário
arcade: arcada
arcane: misterioso
archaic: arcaico
archetype: arquétipo
archipelago: arquipélago
archives: arquivo
ardent: ardente
arduous: árduo
arid: árido
aristocratic: aristocrático
armament: armamento
armistice: armistício
arraign: denunciar
arrant: notório
arrears: atraso
arsenal: arsenal
artful: ardiloso
articulate: articular
artifice: artifício
artisan: artesão
ascendancy: ascendência
ascertain: verificar
ascetic: asceta
ascribe: atribuir
askance: de soslaio
aspersion: aspersão
assail: assaltar
assert: afirmar
assess: avaliar
assiduous: assíduo
assimilate: assimilar
assuage: amenizar
astringent: adstringente
astute: astuto
asylum: asilo
atheist: ateu
atone: expiar
atrophy: atrofia
attest: atestar
attribute: atributo
attrition: atrito
audacity: audácia
augment: aumentar
augur: áugure
august: augusto
auspices: auspícios
auspicious: auspicioso
austere: austero
autocratic: autocrático
autonomous: autônomo
auxiliary: auxiliar
avail: proveito
avant-garde: de vanguarda
avarice: avareza
aversion: aversão
avert: evitar
avid: ávido
avow: confessar
avuncular: avuncular
awry: errado
axiom: axioma
bacchanal: bacanal
baleful: maligno
balk: tropeço
ballyhoo: sensacionalismo
balm: bálsamo
banal: banal
bandy: arqueado
bane: perdição
banter: brincadeira
baroque: barroco
barrage: barragem
bastion: bastião
bauble: bugiganga
bedlam: balbúrdia
beget: gerar
begrudge: invejar
behest: ordem
belabor: espancar
beleaguer: sitiar
belie: desmentem
belittle: desmerecer
belligerent: beligerante
bemoan: lamentar
bemused: estupefacção
benediction: bênção
benefactor: benfeitor
benevolent: benevolente
benighted: ignorante
benign: benigno
bequest: legado
bereaved: enlutado
beset: assolada
bestow: outorgar
bilious: bilioso
bivouac: bivaque
blanch: branquear
bland: brando
blandishment: lisonja
blasphemy: blasfêmia
blatant: flagrante
blight: ferrugem
bliss: bem-aventurança
blithe: alegre
bluster: barulho
bombast: estilo bombástico
boon: bênção
boor: cafajeste
booty: saque
botch: remendo
bourgeois: burguês
bovine: bovino
bracing: tonificante
brandish: brandir
bravado: bravata
brawn: brawn
brazen: descarado
breach: violar
brevity: brevidade
brink: beira
bristle: cerda
broach: espichar
bromide: brometo
brouhaha: bafafá
brusque: brusco
bucolic: bucólico
buffoon: bufão
bulwark: baluarte
bureaucracy: burocracia
burgeon: brotar
burlesque: burlesco
byzantine: bizantino
cabal: cabala
cache: esconderijo
cacophony: cacofonia
cadence: cadência
cajole: persuadir
calamity: calamidade
callous: insensível
callow: inexperiente
calumny: calúnia
candor: candura
canon: cânone
cant: hipocrisia
canvass: exame
capacious: espaçoso
capital: capital
capitalism: capitalismo
capitulate: capitular
capricious: caprichoso
captivate: cativar
carcinogenic: carcinogênico
cardinal: cardinal
careen: carenagem
caricature: caricatura
cartography: cartografia
cascade: cascata
castigate: castigar
cataclysm: cataclismo
catalyst: catalisador
categorical: categórico
catharsis: catarse
catholic: católico
caucus: convenção política
caustic: cáustico
cavalier: cavaleiro
cavil: cavilar
celibacy: celibato
censure: censura
cerebral: cerebral
chaff: palha
chagrin: desgosto
chameleon: camaleão
champion: campeão
channel: canal
charisma: carisma
charlatan: charlatão
chasm: abismo
chaste: casto
chastise: punir
cherub: querubim
chicanery: chicanice
chimera: quimera
choleric: colérico
chortle: cachinar
chronic: crônico
chronicle: crônica
churl: vilão
chutzpah: desplante
cipher: cifra
circuitous: sinuoso
circumlocution: circunlóquio
circumnavigate: circunavegar
circumscribe: circunscrever
circumspect: circunspecto
circumvent: lograr
citadel: citadela
civil: civil
clandestine: clandestino
classic: clássico
cleave: Apegue
clemency: clemência
cliche: clichê
climatic: climático
clique: panelinha
cloister: claustro
clone: clone
clout: pancada
cloy: enjoar
coalesce: aglutinam
coddle: amimar
coerce: coagir
cogent: convincente
cogitate: cogitar
cognitive: cognitivo
cognizant: conhecedor
coherent: coerente
cohort: grupo
colloquial: coloquial
collusion: conluio
commemorate: comemorar
commensurate: comensurável
commiserate: lamentar
commodious: espaçoso
compatible: compatível
compelling: constrangedor
compendium: compêndio
competent: competente
compile: compilar
complacent: complacente
complement: complemento
complicity: cumplicidade
comply: obedecer
composed: composto
comprehensive: compreensivo
comprise: compreender
compromise: compromisso
compunction: compunção
concave: côncavo
concede: conceder
concentric: concêntrico
concert: concerto
conciliatory: conciliatório
concise: conciso
concoct: inventar
concomitant: concomitante
concord: concórdia
concurrent: concorrente
condescend: condescender
condone: perdoar
conducive: conducente
confederate: confederado
confer: conferir
confidant: confidente
configuration: configuração
conflagration: conflagração
confluence: confluência
confound: confundir
congeal: congelar
congenial: agradável
congenital: congênito
congregate: congregar
conjecture: conjetura
conjugal: conjugal
conjure: conjurar
connive: ser conivente
connoisseur: conhecedor
consecrate: consagrar
consensus: consenso
conservatory: conservatório
consign: consignar
consolidate: consolidar
consonant: consoante
conspicuous: conspícuo
consternation: consternação
constituency: círculo eleitoral
construe: interpretar
consummate: consumado
contempt: desprezo
contentious: contencioso
contiguous: contíguo
contingent: contingente
continuum: contínuo
contraband: contrabando
contretemps: contratempo
contrite: contrito
contrived: maquinado
contumely: injúria
conundrum: enigma
convene: convocar
conventional: convencional
conversant: familiarizado
converse: conversar
convey: transmitir
conviction: convicção
convivial: jovial
convolution: convolução
copious: copioso
cordial: cordial
corollary: corolário
corporeal: corpóreo
correlation: correlação
corroborate: corroborar
corrosive: corrosivo
corrugated: ondulado
cosmopolitan: cosmopolita
coterie: círculo social
countenance: semblante
coup: golpe
covenant: pacto
covert: encoberto
covet: cobiçar
cower: encolher-se
crass: crasso
craven: covarde
credulous: crédulo
crescendo: crescendo
crestfallen: cabisbaixo
crevice: fenda
cringe: adular servilmente
criterion: critério
critique: crítica
crux: ponto crucial
cryptic: críptica
cuisine: cozinha
culinary: culinária
cull: refugo
culminate: culminar
culpable: culpável
curb: freio
curmudgeon: grosseiro
cursory: apressado
curtail: cercear
cynic: cínico
daunt: assustar
dearth: escassez
debacle: desastre
debase: aviltar
debauchery: deboche
debilitate: debilitar
debunk: desmerecer
decadent: decadente
decimate: dizimar
decorous: decoroso
decree: decreto
decry: desacreditar
deduce: deduzir
deem: julgar
defame: difamar
deference: deferência
deficit: déficit
defile: contaminam
definitive: definitivo
deft: destro
defunct: defunto
degenerate: degenerado
degrade: degradar
deign: dignar-se
deity: divindade
dejected: abatido
delectable: deleitável
deleterious: deletério
delineate: delinear
delinquent: delinquente
delude: iludir
deluge: dilúvio
delve: investigar
demagogue: demagogo
demeanor: comportamento
demise: falecimento
demography: demografia
demur: objetar
demure: acanhado
denizen: habitante
denomination: denominação
denote: denotar
denounce: denunciar
depict: descrever
deplete: esgotar
deplore: deplorar
deploy: implantar
depose: depor
depravity: depravação
deprecate: deprecar
derelict: abandonado
deride: ridicularizar
derogatory: depreciativo
desiccate: dessecar
desist: desistir
despondent: desanimado
despot: déspota
destitute: desamparado
desultory: desconexo
devout: devoto
dexterous: destro
dialectical: dialetal
diatribe: diatribe
dichotomy: dicotomia
dictum: máxima
didactic: didático
diffident: tímido
diffuse: difuso
digress: divagar
dilapidated: dilapidado
dilate: dilatar
dilemma: dilema
dilettante: diletante
diminution: diminuição
dire: horrendo
dirge: endecha
disaffect: desafeiçoar
disarray: desordem
discern: discernir
disclaim: renunciar
discomfit: desconcertar
disconcert: desconcertar
discourse: discurso
discreet: discreto
discrepancy: discrepância
discrete: discreto
discriminate: discriminar
disdain: desdém
disgruntle: enfadar
disinformation: desinformação
disinterested: desinteressado
dismal: sombrio
dismay: desânimo
disparage: denegrir
disparate: disparate
dispassionate: imparcial
disperse: dispersar
dispirit: desanimar
disposition: disposição
disproportionate: desproporcionado
disquiet: inquietação
dissemble: dissimular
disseminate: disseminar
dissent: dissidência
disservice: desserviço
dissident: dissidente
dissipate: dissipar
dissolution: dissolução
dissuade: dissuadir
distend: distender
distinct: distinto
distinguish: distinguir
diurnal: diurno
divine: divino
divulge: divulgar
docile: dócil
doctrinaire: doutrinário
document: documento
dogmatic: dogmático
doldrums: calmarias
doleful: lúgubre
dolt: pateta
domestic: doméstico
dormant: dormente
dotage: senilidade
double: duplo
dour: severo
downcast: abatido
downplay: menosprezam
draconian: draconiana
droll: engraçado
dross: escória
dubious: duvidoso
duplicity: duplicidade
duress: coação
ebb: vazante
ebullient: efervescente
eccentric: excêntrico
ecclesiastical: eclesiástico
eclectic: eclético
eclipse: eclipse
ecosystem: ecossistema
edict: édito
edifice: edifício
edify: edificar
efface: apagar
effectual: eficaz
efficacy: eficácia
effigy: efígie
effusion: efusão
egalitarian: igualitário
egocentric: egocêntrico
egregious: egrégio
elation: elação
electorate: eleitorado
elegy: elegia
elicit: extrair
elite: elite
elliptical: elíptico
elocution: elocução
elusive: esquivo
emaciate: emagrecido
emanate: emanar
emancipate: emancipar
embargo: embargo
embellish: embelezar
embody: encarnar
embroil: enredar
embryonic: embrionário
emigrate: emigrar
eminent: eminente
emissary: emissário
empathy: empatia
empirical: empírico
empower: autorizar
emulate: emular
encroach: usurpar
endear: encarecer
endemic: endêmico
enervate: enervar
enfranchise: emancipar
engaging: atraente
engender: engendrar
enigma: enigma
enmity: inimizade
ennui: tédio
enormity: enormidade
ensue: acontecer
entail: ocasionar
entity: entidade
entreat: suplicar
entrepreneur: empresário
enumerate: enumerar
envision: visionar
ephemeral: efêmero
epicure: gastrónomo
epigram: epigrama
epilogue: epílogo
epitome: epítome
epoch: época
equanimity: equanimidade
equestrian: equestre
equitable: equitativo
equivocal: equívoco
erudite: erudito
esoteric: esotérico
espouse: esposar
estimable: estimável
estrange: tornar estranho
ethereal: etéreo
ethics: ética
eulogy: elogio
euphemism: eufemismo
evanescent: evanescente
evince: evidenciar
evoke: evocar
exacerbate: exacerbar
exacting: exigente
exalt: exaltar
exasperate: exasperar
excise: impostos especiais de consumo
exemplify: exemplificar
exempt: isento
exhaustive: exaustivo
exhort: exortar
exhume: exumar
exigency: exigência
existential: existencial
exodus: êxodo
exonerate: exonerar
exorbitant: exorbitante
expatriate: expatriado
expedient: expediente
expedite: acelerar
expiate: expiar
explicate: explicar
explicit: explícito
exposition: exposição
expostulate: expostular
expunge: expurgar
exquisite: requintado
extant: existente
extol: exaltar
extort: extorquir
extraneous: estranho
extrapolate: extrapolar
extremity: extremidade
extricate: desenredar
extrovert: extrovertido
exuberant: exuberante
exult: exultar
fabrication: fabricação
facade: fachada
facet: faceta
facetious: faceto
facile: fácil
faction: facção
fallacy: falácia
farcical: burlesco
fastidious: fastidioso
fatalist: fatalista
fathom: braça
fatuous: fátuo
fauna: fauna
faux: faux
fawn: gamo
fecund: fecundo
feign: fingir
felicity: felicidade
fervor: fervor
fester: apodrecer
fetish: fetiche
fetter: grilheta
fiasco: fiasco
fiat: decreto
fickle: inconstante
fidelity: fidelidade
figment: ficção
figurative: figurativo
finesse: sutileza
fiscal: fiscal
flagrant: flagrante
flaunt: ostentar
fledgling: incipiente
flippant: irreverente
florid: florido
flout: desprezar
fodder: forragem
foible: ponto fraco
folly: loucura
foment: fomentar
foray: incursão
forbear: deixai-
forebode: pressagiar
foreclose: excluir
forego: renunciar
forensic: forense
forestall: prevenir
forsake: abandonar
forswear: renegar
forte: forte
forthright: franco
fortuitous: fortuito
foster: foster
founder: fundador
fragmentary: fragmentário
fraternal: fraternal
frenetic: frenético
frugal: frugal
fruitful: frutífero
fuel: combustível
fulminate: fulminar
furtive: furtivo
futile: fútil
gaffe: gafe
galvanize: galvanizar
gambit: gambito
gamut: gama
garner: celeiro
garrulous: tagarela
gastronomy: gastronomia
gauche: acanhado
generic: genérico
genesis: gênese
genocide: genocídio
genre: gênero
genteel: distinto
germane: germano
gesticulate: gesticular
ghastly: medonho
glut: excesso
grandiloquent: grandíloquo
grandiose: grandioso
gratis: grátis
gratuitous: gratuito
gravity: gravidade
gregarious: gregário
grievous: grave
grimace: careta
guile: malícia
guise: aparência
habituate: habituar
hackneyed: banal
halcyon: martim-pescador
hapless: infeliz
harass: molestar
harbinger: prenúncio
harp: harpa
harry: harry
hedonism: hedonismo
hegemony: hegemonia
heinous: hediondo
herald: arauto
heresy: heresia
hermetic: hermético
heyday: apogeu
hiatus: hiato
hierarchy: hierarquia
histrionic: histriônico
hoary: grisalho
homage: homenagem
homily: homilia
homogeneous: homogéneo
hubris: hubris
husbandry: agricultura
hyperbole: hipérbole
hypocrisy: hipocrisia
hypothetical: hipotético
iconoclast: iconoclasta
ideology: ideologia
idiom: idioma
idiosyncrasy: idiossincrasia
idyllic: idílico
ignominy: desonra
illicit: ilícito
imbue: imbuir
immigrate: imigrar
imminent: iminente
immutable: imutável
impartial: imparcial
impasse: impasse
impeach: acusar
impeccable: impecável
impecunious: impecunioso
impede: impedir
impending: iminente
impenetrable: impenetrável
imperative: imperativo
imperial: imperial
impervious: impenetrável
impetuous: impetuoso
implement: implemento
implication: implicação
importune: importunar
impotent: impotente
impoverish: empobrecer
impregnable: inexpugnável
impresario: empresário
impromptu: improvisado
improvise: improvisar
impugn: impugnar
impunity: impunidade
inadvertent: inadvertido
inalienable: inalienável
inane: fútil
inaugurate: inaugurar
incandescent: incandescente
incantation: encantamento
incarnation: encarnação
incendiary: incendiário
incense: incenso
incessant: incessante
incipient: incipiente
incisive: incisivo
inclination: inclinação
incongruous: incongruente
incorrigible: incorrigível
increment: incremento
inculcate: inculcar
incumbent: incumbente
incursion: incursão
indict: acusar
indifferent: indiferente
indigenous: indígena
indigent: indigente
indignant: indignado
indolent: indolente
induce: induzir
indulgent: indulgente
ineffable: inefável
ineluctable: inelutável
inept: inepto
ineradicable: inerradicável
inert: inerte
inexorable: inexorável
infamous: infame
infatuated: apaixonado
infer: inferir
infinitesimal: infinitésimo
inflammatory: inflamatório
influx: afluxo
infraction: infração
infrastructure: infra-estrutura
infringe: infringir
infuse: infundir
ingenuous: ingénuo
ingratiate: congraçar
inherent: inerente
inimical: hostil
injunction: injunção
innate: inato
innocuous: inócuo
innuendo: sugestão
inordinate: desordenado
inquisition: inquisição
insatiable: insaciável
insidious: insidioso
insinuate: insinuar
insipid: insípido
insolent: insolente
insouciant: despreocupado
instigate: instigar
insufferable: insuportável
insular: insular
insuperable: insuperável
insurgent: insurgente
insurrection: insurreição
integral: integral
integrate: integrar
interim: interino
interloper: intruso
interlude: interlúdio
interminable: interminável
intermittent: intermitente
intersperse: intercalar
intervene: intervir
intimate: íntimo
intractable: intratável
intransigent: intransigente
intricate: intricado
intrigue: intriga
intrinsic: intrínseco
introspective: introspectivo
inundate: inundar
invective: invectiva
inveterate: inveterado
invidious: desagradável
inviolate: inviolado
invoke: invocar
irascible: irascível
iridescent: iridescente
ironic: irônico
irrevocable: irrevogável
itinerant: itinerante
jargon: jargão
jaunt: excursão
jingoism: jingoísmo
jocular: jocoso
jubilation: júbilo
judicious: judicioso
junction: junção
junta: junta
juxtapose: justapor
karma: carma
kinetic: cinético
labyrinth: labirinto
laconic: lacônico
lament: lamento
lampoon: pasquim
languish: definhar
larceny: roubo de coisas miúdas
largess: magnanimidade
lascivious: lascivo
latent: latente
laud: louvar
lavish: pródigo
lax: frouxo
layman: leigo
legacy: legado
lethargy: letargia
levity: leviandade
liaison: ligação
libel: difamação
licentious: licencioso
limpid: límpido
listless: apático
litany: litania
litigate: litigar
livid: lívido
loath: relutante
lobby: entrada
loquacious: loquaz
lout: palhaço
lucid: lúcido
ludicrous: ridículo
lugubrious: lúgubre
luminous: luminoso
lyrical: lírico
machination: maquinação
magnanimous: magnânimo
magnate: magnata
malaise: mal-estar
malapropism: malapropism
malfeasance: prevaricação
malignant: maligno
malinger: fingir estar doente
malleable: maleável
mandate: mandato
mania: mania
manifest: manifesto
manifesto: manifesto
marginal: marginal
marshal: marechal
martial: marcial
martyr: mártir
materialistic: materialista
matriculate: matricular
maudlin: sentimental
maverick: dissidente
mawkish: insípido
maxim: máxima
meander: meandro
mediate: mediar
medium: médio
melancholy: melancolia
melee: refrega
mellifluous: melífluo
menagerie: zoológico
mendacious: mentiroso
mendicant: mendicante
mentor: mentor
mercenary: mercenário
mercurial: mercurial
metamorphosis: metamorfose
meticulous: meticuloso
microcosm: microcosmo
milieu: meio social
millennium: milênio
miniscule: minúsculo
mire: lama
misanthropic: misantrópico
mitigate: mitigar
mode: modo
modulate: modular
mollify: aplacar
momentum: ímpeto
monolithic: monolítico
moratorium: moratória
mores: costumes
moribund: moribundo
morose: taciturno
mortify: mortificar
motif: motivo
motley: variegado
mundane: mundano
municipal: municipal
munificent: munificente
muse: musa
muster: reunir
myopia: miopia
myriad: miríade
mystic: místico
narcissism: narcisismo
nebulous: nebuloso
nefarious: nefasto
nemesis: nemesis
neologism: neologismo
neophyte: neófito
nepotism: nepotismo
nihilism: niilismo
nirvana: nirvana
noisome: fétido
nomadic: nômade
nomenclature: nomenclatura
nominal: nominal
nonchalant: indiferente
nostalgia: nostalgia
notorious: notório
novel: romance
noxious: nocivo
nuance: nuança
nullify: anular
obdurate: obstinado
obeisance: reverência
obfuscate: ofuscar
objective: objetivo
oblique: oblíquo
oblivion: esquecimento
obscure: obscuro
obsequious: obsequioso
obtrusive: indiscreto
obtuse: obtuso
obviate: prevenir
occult: oculto
odious: odioso
odyssey: Odisseia
officious: oficioso
olfactory: olfatório
oligarchy: oligarquia
ominous: ameaçador
omniscient: onisciente
onerous: oneroso
opaque: opaco
opprobrious: infamante
opulent: opulento
ordinance: portaria
orthodox: ortodoxo
oscillate: oscilar
osmosis: osmose
ostensible: ostensivo
ostentatious: aparatoso
ostracize: banir
oust: expulsar
override: override
overture: abertura
oxymoron: oxímoro
pacify: pacificar
painstaking: meticuloso
palatable: saboroso
palliate: paliar
pallor: palidez
palpable: palpável
paltry: insignificante
panacea: panaceia
pandemic: pandemia
panegyric: panegírico
parable: parábola
paradigm: paradigma
paradox: paradoxo
paragon: parangona
parallel: paralelo
paranoia: paranóia
paranormal: paranormal
parochial: paroquial
parody: paródia
paroxysm: paroxismo
parsimonious: parcimonioso
partisan: partidário
partition: divisória
pastoral: pastoral
patent: patente
paternal: paternal
pathology: patologia
pathos: patético
patina: pátina
patriarch: patriarca
patrician: patrício
patrimony: patrimônio
patronize: apadrinhar
paucity: escassez
peccadillo: pecadilho
peculiar: peculiar
pedantic: pedante
pedestrian: pedestre
pejorative: pejorativo
penchant: inclinação
penitent: penitente
pensive: pensativo
peregrination: peregrinação
peremptory: peremptório
perennial: perene
perfidy: perfídia
perfunctory: superficial
peripatetic: peripatético
periphery: periferia
perjury: perjúrio
permeate: permear
pernicious: pernicioso
perpetrator: perpetrador
perpetuate: perpetuar
perquisite: gratificação
pertinent: pertinente
perturb: perturbar
peruse: folhear
pervade: impregnar
perverse: perverso
petulant: petulante
phantasm: fantasma
philanthropy: filantropia
philistine: futrica
phlegmatic: fleumático
pilgrimage: peregrinação
pious: piedoso
pivotal: essencial
placate: aplacar
placebo: placebo
plaintive: lamentoso
platitude: banalidade
platonic: platônico
plausible: plausível
plebeian: plebeu
plethora: pletora
pliable: maleável
plight: apuro
plunder: pilhagem
pluralism: pluralismo
poignant: mordaz
polarize: polarizar
polemic: polêmica
ponderous: pesado
pontificate: pontificado
porous: poroso
portent: portento
posterity: posteridade
posthumous: póstumo
postulate: postulado
posture: postura
pragmatic: pragmático
prattle: cavaqueira
precarious: precário
precedent: precedente
precept: preceito
precipitate: precipitar
precipitous: íngreme
preclude: opõem
precocious: precoce
precursor: precursor
predecessor: antecessor
predicament: predicamento
predilection: predileção
predispose: predispor
predominant: predominante
preeminent: preeminente
preempt: antecipar
pregnant: grávida
prelude: prelúdio
premeditated: premeditado
premise: premissa
preponderance: preponderância
prepossess: predispor
prerogative: prerrogativa
presage: presságio
presentiment: pressentimento
presumably: presumivelmente
presuppose: pressupor
prevail: prevalecer
primal: primitivo
pristine: primitivo
privation: privação
proclaim: proclamar
procure: adquirir
prodigal: pródigo
prodigious: prodigioso
prodigy: prodígio
profane: profano
profess: professar
proficient: proficiente
profligate: devasso
profound: profundo
profuse: profuso
progeny: progenitura
proletariat: proletariado
proliferate: proliferar
prolific: prolífico
promulgate: promulgar
propagate: propagar
propensity: propensão
propitious: propício
proponent: proponente
propound: propor
proprietary: proprietário
propriety: propriedade
prosaic: prosaico
proscribe: proscrever
proselytize: converter
protagonist: protagonista
protege: protegido
protocol: protocolo
protract: protrair
provident: providente
provincial: provincial
provisional: provisório
provocation: provocação
prowess: proeza
proximity: proximidade
prudent: prudente
prurient: lascivo
pseudonym: pseudônimo
psyche: psique
pummel: agredir a soco
punctilious: meticuloso
pundit: pândita
pungent: pungente
punitive: punitivo
purblind: obtuso
puritanical: puritano
putative: putativo
quaint: singular
qualify: qualificar
qualitative: qualitativo
quandary: dilema
quasi: quase
quay: cais
quell: reprimir
querulous: ranzinza
query: pergunta
queue: fila
quiescent: quiescente
quintessential: quintessencial
quixotic: quixotesco
quizzical: zombeteiro
quotidian: quotidiano
ramification: ramificação
rampant: rampante
rancor: rancor
rapacious: voraz
rapture: arrebatamento
rarefied: rarefeita
ratify: ratificar
ratiocination: ratiocination
rationale: análise racional
raucous: rouco
reactionary: reacionário
rebuff: repulsa
rebuke: repreensão
rebut: refutar
recalcitrant: recalcitrante
recant: abjurar
recidivism: reincidência
reciprocal: recíproco
reclaim: recuperar
reclusive: reclusa
recondite: recôndito
recrimination: recriminação
redeem: redimir
redolent: redolente
redress: reparação
redundant: redundante
referendum: referendo
refractory: refratário
refute: refutar
regime: regime
regimen: regime
reiterate: reiterar
relegate: relegar
relentless: implacável
relinquish: abandonar
remission: remissão
remonstrate: protestar
remuneration: remuneração
renaissance: renascimento
rend: rasgar
render: render
renounce: renunciar
reparation: reparação
repartee: réplica
repercussion: repercussão
replenish: reabastecer
replete: repleto
replicate: repetir
repose: repouso
reprehensible: repreensível
repress: reprimir
reprimand: reprimenda
reprisal: represália
reproach: censura
reprobate: réprobo
reprove: reprovar
repudiate: repudiar
repugnant: repugnante
requisite: requisito
resignation: demissão
resolute: resoluto
respite: pausa
resplendent: resplandecente
resurrection: ressurreição
reticent: reticente
retort: retorta
retrospect: retrospecto
revamp: revamp
revel: beber e comer
revere: reverenciar
revile: injuriar
revulsion: asco
rhapsodize: escrever rapsódias
rhetoric: retórica
ribald: irreverente
rife: freqüente
rigorous: rigoroso
rivet: rebite
robust: robusto
rogue: trapaceiro
rout: derrota
rudimentary: rudimentar
rue: arruda
ruminate: ruminar
rustic: rústico
saccharine: sacarina
sacrilege: sacrilégio
sacrosanct: sacrossanto
sagacious: sagaz
salient: saliente
sally: surtida
salutary: salutar
salutation: saudação
sanctimonious: hipócrita
sanction: sanção
sanguine: sanguíneo
sarcasm: sarcasmo
sardonic: sardônico
savant: sábio
scant: escasso
schism: cisma
scintillate: cintilar
scorn: desprezo
scrupulous: escrupuloso
scrutinize: escrutinar
seamless: sem costura
secede: abandonar
seclusion: isolamento
sect: facção
secular: secular
sedentary: sedentário
sedition: sedição
segregate: separar
self-made: por esforço próprio
sensory: sensorial
sententious: sentencioso
sentient: senciente
sequester: seqüestrar
serendipity: serendipidade
serene: sereno
serpentine: serpentina
servile: servil
shackle: manilha
shibboleth: shibboleth
shrewd: sagaz
singular: singular
sinister: sinistro
skirmish: escaramuça
skittish: leviano
slake: abrandar
slander: calúnia
sloth: preguiça
sobriety: sobriedade
solace: consolo
solidarity: solidariedade
solvent: solvente
soporific: soporífero
sordid: sórdido
sovereign: soberano
spate: inundação
spawn: ovas
specious: especioso
specter: espectro
spectrum: espectro
sporadic: esporádico
spurious: espúrio
spurn: tratar com desprezo
squalor: sordidez
squander: esbanjar
stagnation: estagnação
stalwart: robusto
stark: forte
static: estático
staunch: acérrimo
steadfast: firme
stigmatize: estigmatizar
stint: restrição
stipend: estipêndio
stipulate: estipular
stoic: estóico
stolid: impassível
stout: robusto
stratagem: estratagema
stratum: estrato
stricture: estritura
strife: luta
stringent: rigoroso
stupendous: estupendo
stupor: estupor
stymie: stymie
subjugate: subjugar
sublime: sublime
subordinate: subordinado
subside: baixar
subsidiary: filial
subsidize: subsidiar
substantiate: fundamentar
substantive: substantivo
subterfuge: subterfúgio
subtle: sutil
subversive: subversivo
succinct: sucinto
succumb: sucumbir
suffice: bastar
suffrage: sufrágio
suffuse: inundar
sumptuous: suntuoso
supercilious: arrogante
superficial: superficial
superfluous: supérfluo
supersede: suplantar
supine: em supinação
supplication: súplica
suppress: suprimir
surfeit: saciedade
surmise: conjetura
surreal: surreal
surreptitious: sub-reptício
surrogate: substituto
susceptible: suscetível
sweeping: varredura
sycophant: sicofanta
syntax: sintaxe
synthesis: síntese
systemic: sistêmico
tacit: tácito
taciturn: taciturno
tactical: tático
taint: mácula
tangential: tangencial
tangible: tangível
tantamount: equivalente
tautological: tautológica
tedium: tédio
teem: abundar
temerity: temeridade
temperate: temperado
temporal: temporal
temporize: temporizar
tenable: defensável
tenacious: tenaz
tenet: dogma
tentative: experimental
tenuous: ténue
tepid: tépido
terse: conciso
theology: teologia
thesis: tese
thorny: espinhoso
threshold: limiar
throttle: regulador de pressão
thwart: frustrar
timorous: timorato
tirade: invectiva
titillate: deleitar
titular: titular
toil: labuta
torpor: torpor
tortuous: tortuoso
touchstone: lidite
tout: aliciar
toxic: tóxico
transcend: transcender
transfix: transfixar
transgress: transgredir
transient: transitório
trauma: trauma
travesty: caricatura
trenchant: mordaz
trepidation: trepidação
triumvirate: triunvirato
tryst: encontro marcado
tumult: tumulto
turbid: turvo
turmoil: tumulto
turpitude: torpeza
ubiquitous: ubíquo
uncanny: misterioso
unconscionable: injusto
unctuous: untuoso
underlying: subjacente
undermine: minar
underscore: sublinhar
underwrite: subscrever
uniform: uniforme
unilateral: unilateral
unremitting: incessante
unwitting: involuntário
urbane: cortês
usurp: usurpar
usury: usura
utilitarian: utilitário
utopia: utopia
vacillate: vacilar
vacuous: vazio
vagary: capricho
vanquish: vencer
vapid: insípido
vehement: veemente
venal: venal
veneer: folheado
venerate: venerar
veracity: veracidade
verbose: verboso
verdant: verdejante
verge: beira
verisimilitude: verossimilhança
verity: verdade
vernacular: vernáculo
vestige: vestígio
vex: molestar
viable: viável
vicarious: vicário
vicissitude: vicissitude
vie: rivalizar
vigilant: vigilante
vignette: vinheta
vilify: vilipendiar
vindicate: vindicar
vindictive: vingativo
virtuoso: virtuoso
virulent: virulento
viscous: viscoso
visionary: visionário
vitiate: viciar
vitriolic: vitriólico
vivacious: vivaz
vocation: vocação
vociferous: vociferador
vogue: voga
volatile: volátil
volition: volição
voluminous: volumoso
voluptuous: voluptuoso
voracious: voraz
waft: bafo
waive: renunciar
wake: acordar
wane: declínio
wanton: arbitrário
warrant: garantia
wary: cauteloso
willful: intencional
wistful: saudoso
wizened: encarquilhado
woe: aflição
wrath: ira
zealous: zeloso
zeitgeist: perspectiva do tempo
zenith: zênite
