abase: ਅੱਝਾ
abash: ਸ਼ਰਮ ਕਰ
abate: ਘੱਟ
abdicate: ਭੱਜਦਾ
aberration: ਬੇਤੁਕੀ ਚੀਜ਼
abet: abet
abeyance: ਅਦਾਰੇ ਨੂੰ
abhor: ਸੂਗ ਕਰੋ
abject: ਘੋਰ
abjure: ਬਰਖ਼ਾਸਤ
abnegate: abnegate
abomination: ਭਿਆਨਕ
aboriginal: ਆਦਿਵਾਸੀ
abortive: ਅਸਫ਼ਲ
abound: ਅਮੀਰ
abridge: abridge
abrogate: ਵਧਾ
absolute: ਅਸਲੀ
absolve: absolve
abstinent: abstinent
abstract: ਵੱਖਰਾ
abstruse: abstruse
abysmal: ਪੈਦਾਵਾਰ '
accede: ਮਨਜ਼ੂਰ
accentuate: accentuate
access: ਪਹੁੰਚ
acclaim: ਪ੍ਰਸ਼ੰਸਾ
accolade: accolade
accord: ਇਕੱਤਰ
accost: accost
accrue: ਲਾਗੂ
acerbic: acerbic
acquiesce: ਕਹਿ
acquisitive: acquisitive
acquit: ਨੂੰ ਬਰੀ
acrid: acrid
acrimonious: ਤਿੱਖੀ
acronym: ਅਣਪਛਾਤਾ
acumen: acumen
acute: ਗੰਭੀਰ
ad-lib: ਈ-lib
adage: ਕਹਾਵਤ
adamant: ਤੁਲੀ
address: ਐਡਰੈੱਸ
adduce: adduce
adherent: adherent
adjourn: ਮੁਲਤਵੀ
adjunct: adjunct
admonish: ਵੰਗ
adroit: ਦੇ ਵਿਰੁੱਧ
adulation: ਪ੍ਰਸ਼ੰਸਾ
adulterate: adulterate
advent: ਆਗਮਨ
adventitious: adventitious
adverse: ਗਲਤ
advocate: ਵਕੀਲ
aesthetic: ਸੁਹਜ
affable: ਮਿਲਣਸਾਰ
affectation: affectation
affidavit: ਹਲਫਨਾਮੇ
affiliate: ਐਫੀਲੀਏਟ
affinity: ਨੇੜਤਾ
affliction: ਦੁੱਖ
affluent: ਅਮੀਰ
afford: ਬਰਦਾਸ਼ਤ
affront: ਨੀਚਾ
aftermath: ਬਾਅਦ
agenda: ਏਜੰਡਾ
aggrandize: aggrandize
aggregate: ਸਾਮੂਹਿਕ
aggrieve: aggrieve
aghast: aghast
agnostic: ਸ਼ੰਕਾਵਾਦੀ
agrarian: ਖੇਤੀ
alacrity: ਸ਼ਤਾਬੀ
alchemy: ਬਣਤਰ
alienate: ਦੂਰ
allege: ਦੋਸ਼
allegiance: ਨਿਸ਼ਠਾ
allegory: ਰੂਪਕ
alleviate: ਨੂੰ ਘਟਾਉਣ ਲਈ
allocate: ਨਿਰਧਾਰਤ
allot: ਅਲਾਟ
alloy: ਮਿਸ਼ਰਤ ਧਾਤ
allusion: allusion
aloof: ਦੂਰ
altercation: ਝਗੜਾ
altruism: ਨਿਰਸੁਆਰਥ
amass: ਇਕੱਠੇ
ambience: ਮਾਹੌਲ
ambiguous: ਵਰਣਪੱਟ
ambivalent: ਦੋਚਿੱਤੀ
ameliorate: ਬਿਹਤਰੀ
amenable: ਜੁਲ
amenity: amenity
amiable: ਲੋਕਪ੍ਰਿਯ
amnesty: ਐਮਨੈਸਟੀ
amorous: ਡੋਰੇ
amorphous: amorphous
anachronism: ਵਿਹਾਅ
analogy: ਉਦਾਹਰਣ
anarchy: ਅਰਾਜਕਤਾ
anathema: ਜੁਦਾ
ancillary: ਸਹਾਇਕ
anecdote: ਵਾਕਿਆ
angst: angst
anguish: ਕਸ਼ਟ
animosity: ਵੈਰ
annex: Annex
annuity: ਸਾਲਨਾ
anomaly: ਪ੍ਸੂਤ
antecedent: antecedent
antedate: antedate
anterior: anterior
anthology: ਸੰਗ੍ਰਹਿ
anthropomorphic: ਔਖਾ ਹੈ
antipathy: ਭਾਵ
antipodal: antipodal
antiquity: ਪੁਰਾਤਨਤਾ
antithesis: ਵਿਰੋਧੀ
apartheid: ਨਸਲਵਾਦੀ
apathy: ਬੇਰੁੱਖੀ
aperture: ਅਪਰਚਰ
apex: ਸੁਪਰੀਮ
aphorism: aphorism
apocalypse: ਪੋਥੀ
apocryphal: ਘੜੀ
apogee: ਬੰਦ ਵਧਾਏ
apoplexy: Apoplexy
apostasy: ਤਿਆਗ
apotheosis: apotheosis
appalling: ਭਿਆਨਕ
apparition: ਭੂਤ
appease: ਨੂੰ ਖੁਸ਼
appellation: ਉਪਾਧੀ
appendage: ਜੋੜ
apportion: ਆਪੋ ਵਿੱਚ
apposite: ਦੇ ਉਲਟ
appraise: ਮੁੱਲ
appreciate: ਦੀ ਕਦਰ
apprehensive: ਡਰਦੇ
apprise: ਜਾਣੂ
approbation: ਪ੍ਰਸੰਸਾ
appropriate: ਉਚਿਤ
appurtenance: appurtenance
apropos: ਲੱਭਣ
apt: apt
aptitude: ਸਿਆਣਪ
arbiter: ਸਾਲਸ
arbitrary: ਇਖਤਿਆਰੀ
arcade: ਆਰਕੇਡ
arcane: ਰਾਜ਼ਦਾਰ
archaic: ਤਰਜ਼
archetype: archetype
archipelago: ਦੀਪਸਮੂਹ-
archives: ਆਰਕਾਈਵ
ardent: ਦੇ ਉਤਸ਼ਾਹਿਤ
arduous: ਔਖਾ
arid: ਆਉੰਦੇ
aristocratic: ਰਈਸ
armament: armament
armistice: Armistice
arraign: arraign
arrant: arrant
arrears: ਬਕਾਇਆ
arsenal: arsenal
artful: Artful
articulate: ਜ਼ਾਹਰ
artifice: ਬੰਦੀ
artisan: ਦਸਤਕਾਰ
ascendancy: ਉਭਾਰ
ascertain: ਪਤਾ ਲਾਉਣ
ascetic: ਜੋਗੀ
ascribe: ਅਕਲੀ
askance: askance
aspersion: ਇਲਜਾਮ
assail: ਭੰਡੀ
assert: ਦਾਅਵਾ
assess: ਦਾ ਜਾਇਜ਼ਾ
assiduous: assiduous
assimilate: ਲੀਨ
assuage: ਮਿਲਵਾਕੀ
astringent: astringent
astute: ਚਤੁਰ
asylum: ਸ਼ਰਣ
atheist: ਨਾਸਤਿਕ
atone: atone
atrophy: atrophy
attest: ਤਸਦੀਕ
attribute: ਗੁਣ
attrition: ਕਜ
audacity: audacity
augment: ਵਾਧਾ
augur: ਸ਼ਗਨ
august: ਅਗਸਤ
auspices: auspices
auspicious: ਸ਼ੁਭ
austere: ਤਬੀਅਤ
autocratic: ਤਾਨਾਸ਼ਾਹੀ
autonomous: ਆਟੋਨੋਮਸ
auxiliary: ਸਹਾਇਕ
avail: ਕੰਮ
avant-garde: avant-garde
avarice: ਲਾਲਚ
aversion: aversion
avert: ਟਾਲਣ
avid: ਸ਼ੌਕ
avow: avow
avuncular: avuncular
awry: ਰਾਜ਼ੀਨਾਮਾ
axiom: ਕਹਾਵਤ
bacchanal: bacchanal
baleful: baleful
balk: ਰਾਜਨੇਤਾ
ballyhoo: ballyhoo
balm: ਮਲ੍ਹਮ
banal: banal
bandy: bandy
bane: ਸਰਾਪ
banter: ਮਜ਼ਾਕ
baroque: baroque
barrage: ਬੈਰਾਜ
bastion: ਗੜ੍ਹ
bauble: bauble
bedlam: ਜ਼ਮਨਦੋਜ
beget: ਬਜਟ
begrudge: ਕੁੜ
behest: ਕਹਿਣ
belabor: belabor
beleaguer: beleaguer
belie: belie
belittle: ਨਿੰਦਿਆ
belligerent: ਬਦਨਾਮੀ
bemoan: ਦੁਖੀ
bemused: ਬੀਮੂਜਡ
benediction: ਰਹਿਮਤ
benefactor: ਹਿਤਕਾਰੀ
benevolent: ਦਿਆਲੂ
benighted: benighted
benign: ਸ਼ੁਰੂਆਤੀ
bequest: ਵਸੀਅਤ
bereaved: ਦੁਖੀ
beset: ਦੁਖੀ
bestow: ਵਰਤਾਉਣ
bilious: bilious
bivouac: bivouac
blanch: blanch
bland: ਨਰਮ
blandishment: blandishment
blasphemy: ਕੁਫ਼ਰ
blatant: ਵੱਡੀ
blight: ਝੁਲਸ
bliss: ਖੁਸ਼ੀ
blithe: blithe
bluster: bluster
bombast: bombast
boon: ਵਰਦਾਨ
boor: boor
booty: ਲੁੱਟ
botch: ਫ਼ੋੜਿਆ
bourgeois: ਬੁਰਜ਼ਵਾ
bovine: ਮੋਰੇਨੋ
bracing: ਲੱਕ ਬੰਨ੍ਹ
brandish: ਮਾਰੇਗਾ,
bravado: ਬਹਾਦਰੀ
brawn: ਤੇਜ਼
brazen: ਬੇਸ਼ਰਮ
breach: ਉਲੰਘਣਾ
brevity: ਜ਼ਬਾਨ ਤੇ
brink: ਕੰਢੇ
bristle: bristle
broach: ਛੇੜਨੀ
bromide: ਬ੍ਰੋਮਾਈਡ
brouhaha: ਮਚੇ
brusque: ਰੁੱਖੇਪਣ
bucolic: bucolic
buffoon: buffoon
bulwark: ਫਰੀ
bureaucracy: ਨੌਕਰਸ਼ਾਹੀ
burgeon: burgeon
burlesque: ਨਫ਼ੀਸ
byzantine: ਬਿਜ਼ੰਤੀਨੀ
cabal: cabal
cache: ਕੈਸ਼
cacophony: cacophony
cadence: ਲੈਅ
cajole: ਚਾਪਲੂਸੀ
calamity: ਬਿਪਤਾ
callous: ਸਖਤ
callow: callow
calumny: ਬਦਖੋਈ
candor: ਸਾਫਗੋਈ
canon: Canon
cant: ਜਾ ਸਕਦਾ
canvass: ਪ੍ਰਚਾਰ
capacious: capacious
capital: ਰਾਜਧਾਨੀ
capitalism: ਪੂੰਜੀਵਾਦ
capitulate: capitulate
capricious: ਖੋਖਲਾ
captivate: ਪਾਇਆ
carcinogenic: carcinogenic
cardinal: ਮੁੱਖ
careen: careen
caricature: ਕਾਰਟੂਨ
cartography: cartography
cascade: Cascade
castigate: castigate
cataclysm: ਨਾਸ਼
catalyst: ਉਤਪ੍ਰੇਰਕ
categorical: categorical
catharsis: ਪ੍ਰਗਟਾਵਾ
catholic: ਕੈਥੋਲਿਕ
caucus: ਕਾਕਸ
caustic: caustic
cavalier: cavalier
cavil: cavil
celibacy: ਬ੍ਰਹਮਚਾਰੀ
censure: ਨਿੰਦਿਆ
cerebral: ਿਦਮਾਗ਼ੀ
chaff: ਤੂੜੀ
chagrin: ਗੁੱਸਾ
chameleon: ਗਿਰਗਿਟ
champion: ਜੇਤੂ
channel: ਚੈਨਲ
charisma: ਕ੍ਰਿਸ਼ਮਾ
charlatan: ਪਖੰਡੀ
chasm: ਖੱਡ
chaste: ਸ਼ੁੱਧ
chastise: ਸਜ਼ਾ
cherub: ਕਰੂਬੀ
chicanery: chicanery
chimera: chimera
choleric: choleric
chortle: chortle
chronic: ਦਾਇਮੀ
chronicle: ਇਤਿਹਾਸ
churl: churl
chutzpah: chutzpah
cipher: ਸੀਫ਼ਰ
circuitous: ਟੇਢੇ
circumlocution: circumlocution
circumnavigate: circumnavigate
circumscribe: ਰਹਿਣਾ
circumspect: ਕਰਕੇ
circumvent: ਬਚਣ
citadel: ਕਿਲੇ
civil: ਸਿਵਲ
clandestine: ਗੁਪਤ
classic: ਕਲਾਸਿਕ
cleave: ਗਰਕ
clemency: ਰਹਿਮ
cliche: ਬਲਣਸ਼ੀਲ
climatic: ਜਲ
clique: ਗੁੱਟ
cloister: cloister
clone: ਕਲੋਨ
clout: ਦਬਦਬਾ
cloy: cloy
coalesce: coalesce
coddle: coddle
coerce: ਮਜਬੂਰ
cogent: ਠੋਸ
cogitate: cogitate
cognitive: ਬੁੱਿੀ
cognizant: ਕਿਹੜਾ
coherent: ਠੋਸ
cohort: ਜੱਥਾ
colloquial: ਬੋਲਚਾਲ
collusion: ਮਿਲੀਭੁਗਤ
commemorate: ਦੀ ਯਾਦ
commensurate: commensurate
commiserate: commiserate
commodious: ਦੇ ਰੁਕਣ ਲਈ
compatible: ਅਨੁਕੂਲ
compelling: ਮਜਬੂਰ
compendium: ਐਸਾ ਖੁਲਾਸਾ
competent: ਕਾਬਲ
compile: ਕੰਪਾਇਲ
complacent: ਲਾਪਰਵਾਹ
complement: ਸਹਾਇਕਣ
complicity: ਮਿਲੀਭੁਗਤ
comply: ਪਾਲਣਾ
composed: ਬਣੀ
comprehensive: ਵਧੇਰੇ
comprise: ਸ਼ਾਮਲ
compromise: ਸਮਝੌਤਾ
compunction: ਝਿਜਕਦੀ
concave: concave
concede: ਮੰਨਣ
concentric: ਵਾਪਿਸ
concert: ਮੇਲ
conciliatory: ਸਮਾਧਾਨ
concise: ਸੰਖੇਪ
concoct: ਪੈਦਾ ਕਰਨ
concomitant: ਲੜਾਕੇਪਨ
concord: ਬਲਿਆਲ
concurrent: ਸਮਕਾਲੀ
condescend: ਚਾਹਵਾਨ
condone: ਨੂੰ ਅਣਡਿੱਠ
conducive: ਸਕਾਰ
confederate: ਸੁਨੇਹਾ
confer: ਪ੍ਰਦਾਨ
confidant: ਹਮਰਾਜ਼
configuration: ਸੰਰਚਨਾ
conflagration: ਵਿਗਾੜਨ ਲਈ
confluence: ਸੰਗਮ
confound: ਸ਼ਰਮਿੰਦਾ
congeal: ਜੰਮ
congenial: congenial
congenital: ਕੌਨਜਰੈਨੀਿਲ
congregate: ਨੇ ਇਕੱਠੇ
conjecture: conjecture
conjugal: ਵਿਆਹੁਤਾ
conjure: conjure
connive: connive
connoisseur: connoisseur
consecrate: ਪਵਿੱਤਰ
consensus: ਸਹਿਮਤੀ
conservatory: ਕਨਜ਼ਰਵੇਟਰੀ
consign: consign
consolidate: ਮਜ਼ਬੂਤ
consonant: ਵਿਅੰਜਨ
conspicuous: ਖਾਮ
consternation: ਘਬਰਾਹਟ
constituency: ਹਲਕੇ
construe: construe
consummate: ਗ੍ਰਹਿਣ ਕੀਤੀ
contempt: ਮਾਣਹਾਨੀ
contentious: ਝਗੜਾਲੂ
contiguous: ਲਗਾਤਾਰ
contingent: ਦਲ
continuum: ਨਿਰੰਤਰਤਾ
contraband: contraband
contretemps: contretemps
contrite: ਪਛਤਾਵੇ
contrived: ਨਕਲੀ
contumely: contumely
conundrum: ਬੇਚੈਨ
convene: ਸੱਦਣ
conventional: ਰਵਾਇਤੀ
conversant: conversant
converse: ਗੱਲਬਾਤ
convey: ਵਿਅਕਤ
conviction: ਸਜ਼ਾ
convivial: convivial
convolution: ਕੋਨਵੋਲੁਸ਼ਨ
copious: copious
cordial: ਨਿੱਘੇ
corollary: ਸੰਕੇਤ ਇਹ
corporeal: ਅੰਜਰ
correlation: ਨਾਲ਼
corroborate: ਮਿਲਾਨ
corrosive: ਖੋਰਨ
corrugated: ਵੱਟਦਾਰ
cosmopolitan: ਆਉ
coterie: ਜੁੰਡਲੀ
countenance: ਮੂੰਹ
coup: coup
covenant: ਨੇਮ ਨੂੰ
covert: ਤਰ੍ਹਾ
covet: ਦੀ ਇੱਛਾ
cower: ਨੂੰ ਫੜਨ ਆ
crass: ਨਿਰਾ
craven: craven
credulous: credulous
crescendo: ਨੱਕਾਰਖਾਨੇ
crestfallen: crestfallen
crevice: ਤਰੇੜ
cringe: ਵੀ ਡਰੇ
criterion: ਮਾਪਦੰਡ
critique: ਆਲੋਚਨਾ
crux: ਮਰਮ
cryptic: ਕ੍ਰਿਪਟਿਕ
cuisine: ਪਕਵਾਨ
culinary: ਰਸੋਈ
cull: cull
culminate: culminate
culpable: ਦੋਸ਼ੀ
curb: ਕਰਬ
curmudgeon: curmudgeon
cursory: ਸਰਸਰੀ
curtail: ਨੂੰ ਘਟਾਉਣ
cynic: ਸਨਕੀ
daunt: daunt
dearth: ਕਮੀ
debacle: ਹਾਰ
debase: debase
debauchery: ਲੁੱਚਪੁਣਾ
debilitate: debilitate
debunk: debunk
decadent: ਭਰੇ
decimate: decimate
decorous: decorous
decree: ਫ਼ਰਮਾਨ
decry: ਸਰਾਸਰ ਗ਼ਲਤ
deduce: ਸਿੱਟਾ ਕੱਢ
deem: ਸਮਝੇ
defame: ਨੂੰ ਬਦਨਾਮ
deference: ਸਨਮਾਨ
deficit: ਘਾਟਾ
defile: ਦੂਸ਼ਿਤ
definitive: ਨਿਸ਼ਚਿਤ
deft: ਸਿੰਮ
defunct: ਬੰਦ
degenerate: ਜੰਗਲੀ
degrade: ਡੀਗਰੇਡ
deign: deign
deity: ਇਸ਼ਟ
dejected: ਨਿਰਾਸ਼
delectable: ਸੁਆਦੀ ਲੱਗਦੇ
deleterious: ਵਿਨਾਸ਼ਕਾਰੀ
delineate: delineate
delinquent: ਅਪਰਾਧਕ
delude: ਨੂੰ ਧੋਖੇ ਵਿਚ
deluge: ਪਰਲੋ
delve: delve
demagogue: demagogue
demeanor: ਤਰੀਕੇ
demise: ਮੌਤ
demography: ਆਬਾਦੀ
demur: demur
demure: ਸ਼ਰਮਾਕਲ
denizen: denizen
denomination: ਬਣਨਾ
denote: ਦਰਸਾਉਣ
denounce: ਨਿੰਦਾ
depict: ਦਰਸਾ
deplete: deplete
deplore: deplore
deploy: ਨੂੰ ਵੰਡਣ
depose: ਗਵਾਹੀ
depravity: ਭ੍ਰਿਸ਼ਟਤਾ
deprecate: ਇਨਕਾਰ
derelict: ਲਾਪਰਵਾਹ
deride: ਉਡਾਇਆ
derogatory: ਅਪਮਾਨਜਨਕ
desiccate: desiccate
desist: ਬਚਣਾ
despondent: ਨਿਰਾਸ਼
despot: ਤਾਨਾਸ਼ਾਹ
destitute: ਬੇਸਹਾਰਾ
desultory: ਨੂੰ ਮੋਕਲਾ
devout: ਸ਼ਰਧਾਲੂ
dexterous: dexterous
dialectical: ਦਵੰਦਵਾਦੀ
diatribe: diatribe
dichotomy: ਗੈਰਸੰਵੇਦਨਸ਼ੀਲ
dictum: ਉਪਰ
didactic: ਉਪਦੇਸ਼ਾਤਮਿਕ
diffident: ਹਾਰਨ ਵਾਲੀ
diffuse: ਹਿੰਦੂਵਾਦ ਦਾ
digress: ਹੱਟਣ
dilapidated: ਖਸਤਾ
dilate: ਦੁਗਣਾ
dilemma: ਦੁਬਿਧਾ
dilettante: Dilettante
diminution: ਜੀਵਨਕਾਲ
dire: ਸਖਤ
dirge: ਸ਼ੋਕ ਗੀਤ
disaffect: disaffect
disarray: ਬੇਕਾਇਦਗੀ
discern: ਸਮਝ
disclaim: ਮਾਤਰੀ
discomfit: discomfit
disconcert: disconcert
discourse: ਭਾਸ਼ਣ
discreet: ਬੁੱਧਵਾਨ
discrepancy: ਫਰਕ
discrete: ਖਾਸ
discriminate: ਵਿਤਕਰਾ
disdain: disdain
disgruntle: disgruntle
disinformation: ਗਲਤ ਸੂਚਨਾ
disinterested: disinterested
dismal: ਨਿਰਾਸ਼ਾਜਨਕ
dismay: ਨਿਰਾਸ਼ਾ
disparage: ਨੂੰ ਤੁੱਛ ਸਮਝਦੇ
disparate: ਖਿੰਡੇ
dispassionate: dispassionate
disperse: ਚੁੱਕਆ
dispirit: dispirit
disposition: ਸੁਭਾਅ
disproportionate: ਆਮਦਨ
disquiet: ਬੇਚੈਨ
dissemble: dissemble
disseminate: ਵੰਡਣ
dissent: ਅਸਹਿਮਤੀ
disservice: ਸਿਰਫ਼ ਨੁਕਸਾਨ
dissident: ਹੈਵਲ
dissipate: dissipate
dissolution: ਭੰਗ
dissuade: ਰੋਕਣ
distend: distend
distinct: ਵੱਖਰੇ
distinguish: ਵੱਖ
diurnal: diurnal
divine: ਬ੍ਰਹਮ
divulge: ਦੱਸਣ
docile: docile
doctrinaire: ਵਿਚਾਰਧਾਰਕ
document: ਦਸਤਾਵੇਜ਼
dogmatic: ਅੜੇ
doldrums: ਧੋਣਾ ਪਿਆ
doleful: ਗਾਉਣਗੇ
dolt: dolt
domestic: ਘਰੇਲੂ
dormant: dormant
dotage: dotage
double: ਡਬਲ
dour: dour
downcast: ਉਦਾਸ
downplay: ਗੰਭੀਰਤਾ ਘਟਾਉਣ
draconian: ਕਠੋਰ
droll: droll
dross: ਖੋਟ
dubious: ਸ਼ੱਕੀ
duplicity: ਦੋਹਰੇਪਨ
duress: ਦਬਾਅ
ebb: ਪੱਧਰ
ebullient: ebullient
eccentric: eccentric
ecclesiastical: ਧਾਰਮਿਕ
eclectic: Eclectic
eclipse: eclipse
ecosystem: ਪਾਰਿਸਥਿਤੀਕੀ
edict: ਫ਼ਰਮਾਨ
edifice: ਇਮਾਰਤ
edify: ਤਾਕਤ
efface: ਮਿਟਾ
effectual: ਫ਼ਲਦਾਇਕ
efficacy: ਕਾਰਗਰੀ
effigy: ਪੁਤਲਾ
effusion: effusion
egalitarian: ਸਮਾਨਤਾ
egocentric: egocentric
egregious: ਘੋਰ
elation: ਹੁੱਲਾਸ
electorate: ਵੋਟਰ
elegy: Elegy
elicit: ਮੰਨਣ
elite: Elite
elliptical: ਅੰਡਾਕਾਰ
elocution: elocution
elusive: ਆਈਪੀਐਲ ਦੀ
emaciate: emaciate
emanate: emanate
emancipate: ਪਾਰ ਉਤਾਰਾ
embargo: ਰੋਕ
embellish: ਸ਼ਿੰਗਾਰਨ
embody: embody
embroil: embroil
embryonic: ਭ੍ਰੂਣ
emigrate: emigrate
eminent: ਉੱਘੇ
emissary: ਦੂਤ
empathy: ਹਮਦਰਦੀ
empirical: ਅਨੁਭਵੀ
empower: ਤਾਕਤ
emulate: ਨਕਲ
encroach: ਡਾਕਾ
endear: ਚਹੇਤਾ
endemic: ਖਤਰੇ
enervate: enervate
enfranchise: enfranchise
engaging: ਦਿਲਕਸ਼
engender: ਪੈਦਾ
enigma: ਖ਼ਿਲਾਫ਼ਤ
enmity: ਦੁਸ਼ਮਣੀ
ennui: ennui
enormity: ਕਿਵੇ
ensue: ਮਿਲਦੇ
entail: ਸ਼ਾਮਲ
entity: ਹਸਤੀ
entreat: ਬੇਨਤੀ
entrepreneur: ਉਦਯੋਗਪਤੀ
enumerate: ਝਲਕ
envision: ਐਨਕਵਜ਼ਨ
ephemeral: ephemeral
epicure: epicure
epigram: epigram
epilogue: ਉਪਸੰਹਾਰ
epitome: ਖ਼ਾਸੀਅਤ
epoch: epoch
equanimity: equanimity
equestrian: ਘੋੜ ਸਵਾਰੀ
equitable: ਬਰਾਬਰੀ
equivocal: ਹੈ.ਅਸੰਬਲੀ
erudite: ਲਿਖੇ
esoteric: ਇਸੋਟੀਰਿਕ
espouse: ਸਪੂਤ
estimable: estimable
estrange: ਦੂਰ
ethereal: ਆਧਾਰ
ethics: ਨੈਤਿਕਤਾ
eulogy: eulogy
euphemism: ਭੋਗਵਿਲਾਸੀ
evanescent: ਨੂੰ ਨਜ਼ਰਅੰਦਾਜ਼ ਕਰਨ
evince: ਈਵੈਨਸ
evoke: ਆਵੇ
exacerbate: ਨੂੰ ਵਧਾ
exacting: ਤਬੀਅਤ
exalt: ਅਜੂਬੇ
exasperate: exasperate
excise: ਆਬਕਾਰੀ
exemplify: ਚੱਲ
exempt: ਛੋਟ
exhaustive: ਵਿਸਤ੍ਰਿਤ
exhort: ਉਤਸਾਹਿਤ
exhume: exhume
exigency: ਵੀ ਔਕੜ
existential: ਸਦੀਵੀ
exodus: ਕੂਚ
exonerate: ਬਰੀ
exorbitant: ਜ਼ਿਆਦਾ
expatriate: ਇਹ ਦਰਸਾਇਆ ਗਿਆ
expedient: ਸ਼ੁਭ
expedite: ਤੇਜ਼
expiate: expiate
explicate: explicate
explicit: ਖਾਸ
exposition: ਵਿਆਖਿਆ
expostulate: expostulate
expunge: ਨੂੰ ਹਟਾਉਣ ਜਾ
exquisite: ਨਿਹਾਲ
extant: ਮੌਜੂਦ
extol: ਦੀ ਪ੍ਰਸ਼ੰਸਾ ਤੇ
extort: ਬਟੋਰਨ
extraneous: ਇੰਟਾਈਟਲ
extrapolate: ਰਝਾਨ
extremity: ਆਖਰ
extricate: ਫੱਸਿਆ
extrovert: ਮਿਲਣਸਾਰ
exuberant: exuberant
exult: ਖ਼ੁਸ਼
fabrication: ਨਿਰਮਾਣ
facade: ਨਕਾਬ
facet: ਪਹਿਲੂ
facetious: facetious
facile: ਆਸਾਨੀ ਨਾਲ
faction: ਧੜੇ
fallacy: fallacy
farcical: ਬਾਡੀਜ਼ ਵਿਚ
fastidious: fastidious
fatalist: ਸੋਚਣ
fathom: ਅਤੇਫੈਦਮ
fatuous: fatuous
fauna: ਫੌਨਾ
faux: ਅਸ਼ੁੱਧ
fawn: fawn
fecund: fecund
feign: ਜਸੂਸ
felicity: felicity
fervor: ਜੋਸ਼
fester: ਨੂੰ ਛੱਡਦੇ
fetish: ਫੈਟਿਸ਼
fetter: fetter
fiasco: fiasco
fiat: ਫੁਰਮਾਨ
fickle: ਅਸਥਿਰ
fidelity: ਕੰਮਾ
figment: ਮਨਘੜਤ ਗੱਲ
figurative: ਲਾਖਣਿਕ
finesse: finesse
fiscal: ਵਿੱਤੀ ਸਾਲ
flagrant: flagrant
flaunt: flaunt
fledgling: ਬਣੀ
flippant: , ਬੇਇੱਜ਼ਤੀ
florid: ਅਲੰਕਾਰਮਈ
flout: ਦਾ ਅਪਮਾਨ
fodder: ਚਾਰਾ
foible: foible
folly: ਮੂਰਖਤਾ
foment: ਵਹਾਇਆ
foray: foray
forbear: ਮਾਰਨੀ
forebode: forebode
foreclose: foreclose
forego: ਿਤਆਗ
forensic: ਜਵਜਗਆਨਕ
forestall: forestall
forsake: ਛੱਡ
forswear: ਵਅਦਾ
forte: ਫੋਰਟੀ
forthright: ਸਪੱਸ਼ਟ
fortuitous: ਧਮਾਕੇ ਦਾ
foster: ਧਰਮ
founder: ਬਾਨੀ
fragmentary: ਪੁੰਡੇ
fraternal: ਭਾਈਚਾਰਿਕ
frenetic: ਹਿਟਿੰਗ
frugal: ਬੱਚਤ
fruitful: ਫਲ
fuel: ਬਾਲਣ
fulminate: fulminate
furtive: furtive
futile: ਵਿਅਰਥ
gaffe: gaffe
galvanize: ਜੁਟਾਉਣ
gambit: gambit
gamut: ਫ਼ੈਲੀ ਹੋਈ
garner: ਕੋਠੇ
garrulous: garrulous
gastronomy: gastronomy
gauche: gauche
generic: ਆਮ
genesis: ਉਤਪਤ
genocide: ਨਸਲਕੁਸ਼ੀ
genre: ਗਾਇਕੀ
genteel: ਬੌਰਡਿੰਗ
germane: ਗ਼ੈਰਪ੍ਰਸੰਗਕ
gesticulate: gesticulate
ghastly: ਭਿਆਨਕ
glut: ਭਰਮਾਰ
grandiloquent: grandiloquent
grandiose: ਸੁਪਨੇ
gratis: ਮੁਫ਼ਤ
gratuitous: gratuitous
gravity: ਗੰਭੀਰਤਾ
gregarious: ਦੂਜੇ ਦੀ ਲੋੜ ਹੈ
grievous: ਗੰਭੀਰ
grimace: grimace
guile: ਝੂਠ
guise: ਆੜ
habituate: habituate
hackneyed: hackneyed
halcyon: ਹੈਲਸੀਉਨ
hapless: ਬਦਕਿਸਮਤ
harass: ਤੰਗ
harbinger: harbinger
harp: ਰਬਾਬ
harry: ਹੈਰੀ
hedonism: hedonism
hegemony: hegemony
heinous: ਗੰਭੀਰ
herald: ਹੈਰਲਡ
heresy: ਆਖਦੇ
hermetic: hermetic
heyday: heyday
hiatus: hiatus
hierarchy: ਲੜੀ
histrionic: histrionic
hoary: ਭੂਰੇ
homage: ਪੂਜਾ
homily: homily
homogeneous: ਇਕੋ
hubris: hubris
husbandry: ਪਾਲਣ
hyperbole: ਯਿਸੂ ਨੇ ਇਸੇ
hypocrisy: ਪਖੰਡ
hypothetical: ਕਾਲਪਨਿਕ
iconoclast: iconoclast
ideology: ਵਿਚਾਰਧਾਰਾ
idiom: ਮੁਹਾਵਰੇ
idiosyncrasy: idiosyncrasy
idyllic: idyllic
ignominy: ਬੇਅਦਬੀ
illicit: ਨਾਜਾਇਜ਼
imbue: imbue
immigrate: ਆਵਾਸ
imminent: ਜਲਦੀ
immutable: ਅਟੱਲ
impartial: ਨਿਰਪੱਖ
impasse: ਡੈੱਡਲਾਕ
impeach: impeach
impeccable: ਕੰਪਨੀ
impecunious: impecunious
impede: ਰੁਕਾਵਟ
impending: ਬਕਾਇਆ
impenetrable: impenetrable
imperative: ਜ਼ਰੂਰੀ
imperial: Imperial
impervious: ਜ਼ਰੀਆ
impetuous: ਜੋਸ਼
implement: ਲਾਗੂ
implication: ਭਾਵ
importune: importune
impotent: ਬਿਮਾਰ
impoverish: impoverish
impregnable: ਬਿਲਕੁਲ
impresario: impresario
impromptu: ਤਕ
improvise: ਸੁਧਾਰ
impugn: ਦੋਸ਼
impunity: ਦੰਡ
inadvertent: ਜਾਣਬੁਝ
inalienable: ਇਹ ਸੁਨਿਸ਼ਚਿਤ ਕੀਤਾ
inane: inane
inaugurate: ਦਾ ਉਦਘਾਟਨ
incandescent: incandescent
incantation: incantation
incarnation: ਅਵਤਾਰ
incendiary: incendiary
incense: ਧੂਪ
incessant: ਲਗਾਤਾਰ
incipient: incipient
incisive: ਤਿੱਖੇ
inclination: ਭਾਵਨਾ
incongruous: incongruous
incorrigible: incorrigible
increment: ਵਾਧਾ
inculcate: ਬਿਠਾਉਣ
incumbent: ਮੌਜੂਦਾ
incursion: ਘੁਸਪੈਠ
indict: ਦੋਸ਼
indifferent: ਸੁਣਨਾ
indigenous: ਦੇਸੀ
indigent: ਇੰਡੀਜਟ
indignant: ਗੁੱਸੇ
indolent: ਸੁਸਤੀ
induce: ਫੁਸਲਾਉਣਾ
indulgent: indulgent
ineffable: ਅਕੱਥ
ineluctable: ineluctable
inept: ਅਸਮਰਥਾ
ineradicable: ineradicable
inert: inert
inexorable: inexorable
infamous: ਬਦਨਾਮ
infatuated: ਮਸਤ
infer: ਮਹਤਵ
infinitesimal: infinitesimal
inflammatory: ਸਾੜ
influx: ਹੜ੍ਹ
infraction: infraction
infrastructure: ਬੁਨਿਆਦੀ
infringe: ਉਲੰਘਣਾ
infuse: ਗੁਜ਼ਰਦੇ
ingenuous: ingenuous
ingratiate: ingratiate
inherent: ਕਰਵਾਉਣ ਤੇ
inimical: ਵਿਰੋਧੀ
injunction: ਹੁਕਮ
innate: ਪੈਦਾਇਸ਼ੀ
innocuous: ਨਿਰਦੋਸ਼
innuendo: ਅਸਿੱਧੇ
inordinate: ਬੇਲੋੜੀ
inquisition: ਧਾਰਮਿਕ ਅਦਾਲਤ
insatiable: insatiable
insidious: insidious
insinuate: insinuate
insipid: ਫਿਕਲੇ
insolent: insolent
insouciant: insouciant
instigate: ਨੂੰ ਭੜਕਾਉਣਾ
insufferable: insufferable
insular: ਟਾਪੂਨੁਮਾ
insuperable: insuperable
insurgent: ਬਾਗ਼ੀ
insurrection: ਵਿਦ੍ਰੋਹ
integral: ਅਟੁੱਟ
integrate: ਜੋੜ
interim: ਅੰਤਰਿਮ
interloper: interloper
interlude: interlude
interminable: interminable
intermittent: ਰੁਕ
intersperse: ਰਲਾ
intervene: ਦਖ਼ਲ
intimate: ਗੂੜ੍ਹਾ
intractable: ਹੋਰ ਗੁੰਝਲਦਾਰ
intransigent: ਲਈ ਮਨਾਏ
intricate: ਪੇਚੀਦਾ
intrigue: ਸਾਜ਼ਸ਼
intrinsic: ਅੰਦਰਲੀ
introspective: introspective
inundate: inundate
invective: invective
inveterate: inveterate
invidious: ਨੂੰ ਅਜਿਹੀ
inviolate: ਲੈਣਦਾਰ
invoke: ਇਸਤੇਮਾਲ
irascible: irascible
iridescent: iridescent
ironic: ਮੰਦਭਾਗਾ
irrevocable: ਟੀਕ
itinerant: ਦੌਰੇ
jargon: ਬੇਤੁਕੀ
jaunt: jaunt
jingoism: ਜਨੂੰਨ
jocular: jocular
jubilation: ਧੂਮ ਧਾਮ
judicious: ਸੁਯੋਗ
junction: ਜੰਕਸ਼ਨ
junta: Junta
juxtapose: juxtapose
karma: ਕਰਮਾ
kinetic: ਗਤੀਆਤਮਿਕ
labyrinth: labyrinth
laconic: laconic
lament: ਉਦਾਸ
lampoon: lampoon
languish: ਰਹ
larceny: larceny
largess: largess
lascivious: ਸਕੈਸ
latent: ਲਾਗਾਦੇਗਾ
laud: ਧੰਨਵਾਦ
lavish: ਫਜੂਲਖਰਚੀ
lax: LAX
layman: ਆਮ
legacy: ਵਿਰਾਸਤ
lethargy: lethargy
levity: ਹੋਛੇਪਣ
liaison: ਤਾਲਮੇਲ
libel: ਹੱਤਕ ਦਾ
licentious: ਅਨੈਤਿਕ
limpid: limpid
listless: listless
litany: litany
litigate: litigate
livid: livid
loath: ਚਾਹੁੰਣ
lobby: ਲਾਬੀ
loquacious: loquacious
lout: lout
lucid: lucid
ludicrous: ludicrous
lugubrious: lugubrious
luminous: ਪ੍ਰਕਾਸ਼ਵਾਨ
lyrical: lyrical
machination: machination
magnanimous: magnanimous
magnate: ਕਾਰੋਬਾਰ
malaise: ਬੀਮਾਰੀ
malapropism: malapropism
malfeasance: malfeasance
malignant: ਘਾਤਕ
malinger: malinger
malleable: ਨਰਮ
mandate: ਫ਼ਤਵਾ
mania: Mania
manifest: ਪ੍ਰਗਟ
manifesto: ਮਨੋਰਥ ਪੱਤਰ
marginal: ਮਾਮੂਲੀ
marshal: ਮਾਰਸ਼ਲ
martial: ਮਾਰਸ਼ਲ
martyr: ਸ਼ਹੀਦ
materialistic: ਧਨ-
matriculate: ਮੈਟ੍ਰਿਕ
maudlin: maudlin
maverick: maverick
mawkish: mawkish
maxim: ਮੈਕਸਿਮ
meander: meander
mediate: mediate
medium: ਦਰਮਿਆਨੇ
melancholy: ਉਦਾਸੀ
melee: ਹੰਗਾਮੇ
mellifluous: mellifluous
menagerie: menagerie
mendacious: mendacious
mendicant: ਫ਼ਕੀਰ ਨੂੰ
mentor: ਸਲਾਹਕਾਰ
mercenary: ਲਾਲਚੀ
mercurial: Mercurial
metamorphosis: ਫਾਲਈਓਵਰ
meticulous: meticulous
microcosm: microcosm
milieu: milieu
millennium: Millennium
miniscule: miniscule
mire: ਚਿੱਕੜ
misanthropic: misanthropic
mitigate: ਦੇ ਅਸਰ ਨੂੰ
mode: ਮੋਡ
modulate: modulate
mollify: ਸਾਮਨਿਕ
momentum: ਲੈਅ
monolithic: ਅਖੰਡ
moratorium: ਰੋਕ
mores: mores
moribund: ਮਰ ਰਿਹਾ
morose: ਦੇ ਰੁੱਖੇ
mortify: mortify
motif: ਸ਼ਰਟ
motley: Motley
mundane: ਦੁਨਿਆਵੀ
municipal: ਨਗਰ
munificent: munificent
muse: Muse
muster: ਹਿੰਮਤ
myopia: myopia
myriad: ਬੇਸ਼ੁਮਾਰ
mystic: ਰਹੱਸਵਾਦੀ
narcissism: ਸੁਪਨੇ
nebulous: ਪਿੰਗਲੀ
nefarious: ਨਾਪਾਕ
nemesis: ਮਾਮੂਲੀ
neologism: neologism
neophyte: neophyte
nepotism: ਭਤੀਜਾਵਾਦ
nihilism: nihilism
nirvana: Nirvana
noisome: ਬਦਸ਼ਕਲ
nomadic: ਟੱਪਰੀਵਾਸੀ
nomenclature: ਨਾਮਕਰਨ
nominal: ਨਾਮਾਤਰ
nonchalant: nonchalant
nostalgia: ਬਿਆਨ
notorious: ਬਦਨਾਮ
novel: ਨਾਵਲ
noxious: ਹਾਨੀਕਾਰਕ
nuance: nuance
nullify: ਨੂੰ ਨਸ਼ਟ
obdurate: ਹਠ
obeisance: ਮੱਥਾ
obfuscate: obfuscate
objective: ਉਦੇਸ਼
oblique: oblique
oblivion: ਗੁਮਨਾਮੀ
obscure: ਅਸਪਸ਼ਟ
obsequious: obsequious
obtrusive: obtrusive
obtuse: obtuse
obviate: obviate
occult: ਜਾਦੂਗਰੀ
odious: ਘਿਣਾਉਣੇ '
odyssey: ਓਡੀਸੀ
officious: officious
olfactory: olfactory
oligarchy: oligarchy
ominous: ਅਸ਼ੁਭ
omniscient: ਸਰਬਗ
onerous: ਬਿੁਤ
opaque: ਧੁੰਦਲਾ
opprobrious: ਨਿੰਦਾ
opulent: ਮਹਿਲਨੁਮਾ
ordinance: ਵਿਵਸਥਾ
orthodox: ਆਰਥੋਡਾਕਸ
oscillate: oscillate
osmosis: ਐਸਮੌਸਿਸ
ostensible: ostensible
ostentatious: ਆਡੰਬਰੀ
ostracize: ਛੇਕੇ
oust: ਪਲਟੀ
override: ਓਵਰਰਾਈਡ
overture: ਨੇੜਤਾ
oxymoron: oxymoron
pacify: ਸ਼ਾੰਤ
painstaking: ਮਹਿਜ਼
palatable: ਵਿਚਾਰੋਗੇ
palliate: palliate
pallor: pallor
palpable: palpable
paltry: ਸਿਰਫ
panacea: ਸਾਮਿਲ
pandemic: ਮਹਾਮਾਰੀ
panegyric: panegyric
parable: ਕਹਾਣੀ
paradigm: ਮਿਸਾਲ
paradox: ਤ੍ਰਾਸਦੀ
paragon: Paragon
parallel: ਪੈਰਲਲ
paranoia: ਸੋਧ
paranormal: ਮਰੇ
parochial: ਸੌੜੇ
parody: parody
paroxysm: paroxysm
parsimonious: parsimonious
partisan: ਪੱਖਪਾਤੀ
partition: ਭਾਗ
pastoral: ਪੇਸਟੋਰਲ
patent: ਹਟਾ
paternal: ਦਾਦਕੇ
pathology: ਬਿਮਾਰੀ
pathos: pathos
patina: patina
patriarch: ਬਿਸ਼ਪ
patrician: patrician
patrimony: patrimony
patronize: ਹੈ.ਕਈ
paucity: ਘਾਟ
peccadillo: peccadillo
peculiar: ਅਜੀਬ
pedantic: pedantic
pedestrian: ਪੈਦਲ
pejorative: ਮੇਲੀ
penchant: ਦੁਖਦਾਈ ਹੈ
penitent: ਪਸ਼ਚਾਤਾਪੀ
pensive: ਵਿਚਾਰਸ਼ੀਲ
peregrination: peregrination
peremptory: peremptory
perennial: perennial
perfidy: ਮੁੰਹ
perfunctory: ਸਿਰਫ਼ ਦਿਖਾਵੇ ਲਈ
peripatetic: peripatetic
periphery: ਮੰਡਲ
perjury: ਝੂਠੀ
permeate: ਵਿਚ ਪ੍ਰਵੇਸ਼
pernicious: pernicious
perpetrator: ਦੋਸ਼ੀ
perpetuate: ਨੂੰ ਸਦੀਵੀ
perquisite: ਤਵਾਰੀਖ
pertinent: ਜਰੂਰੀ
perturb: perturb
peruse: ਵੀ ਇਸਤੇਮਾਲ
pervade: pervade
perverse: ਭ੍ਰਸ਼ਟ
petulant: petulant
phantasm: phantasm
philanthropy: ਪਰਉਪਕਾਰ
philistine: ਫ਼ਲਿਸਤੀ
phlegmatic: phlegmatic
pilgrimage: ਤੀਰਥ
pious: ਪਵਿੱਤਰ
pivotal: ਅਹਿਮ
placate: ਨੂੰ ਮਨਾਉਣ
placebo: ਪਲੇਸਬੋ
plaintive: ਮਾਤਮੀ
platitude: platitude
platonic: ਅਫਲਾਤੂਨੀ
plausible: ਪ੍ਰਤੀਲਿਪੀ
plebeian: plebeian
plethora: ਤਮਾਮ
pliable: pliable
plight: ਹਾਲਤ
plunder: ਲੁੱਟ
pluralism: ਬਹੁਲਵਾਦ
poignant: ਨਿਕਲੇ
polarize: ਧਰੁਵੀਕਰਨ
polemic: polemic
ponderous: ponderous
pontificate: pontificate
porous: porous
portent: ਬਦਸ਼ਗਨ
posterity: posterity
posthumous: ਉਪਰੰਤ
postulate: postulate
posture: ਆਸਣ
pragmatic: ਵਿਹਾਰਕ
prattle: prattle
precarious: ਖ਼ਤਰਨਾਕ
precedent: ਮਿਸਾਲ
precept: ਹੁਕਮ
precipitate: precipitate
precipitous: precipitous
preclude: ਮਨ੍ਹਾ
precocious: ਪ੍ਰਤਿਭਾਵਾਨ
precursor: ਅਗਰਦੂਤ
predecessor: ਪੁਰਾਣੇ
predicament: ਹਾਲਤ
predilection: ਵਰਖ਼ਾ
predispose: ਸੰਭਾਵਨਾ ਹੈ
predominant: ਮੁੱਖ
preeminent: ਪ੍ਰਮੁੱਖ
preempt: ਰਿਕਵਰੀ
pregnant: ਗਰਭਵਤੀ
prelude: prelude
premeditated: ਸਮਝੀ
premise: ਦੇਪੂਰਿ
preponderance: ਭਾਰੂਪਣ
prepossess: prepossess
prerogative: ਵਿਸ਼ੇਸ਼ ਅਧਿਕਾਰ
presage: ਲਗਾਉਣਾ
presentiment: presentiment
presumably: ਸੰਭਵ
presuppose: presuppose
prevail: ਦਾ ਪਸਾਰਾ
primal: ਆਦੀ
pristine: ਮੁੱਢਲਾ
privation: privation
proclaim: ਐਲਾਨ
procure: ਖਰੀਦ
prodigal: ਉਜਾੜੂ
prodigious: prodigious
prodigy: ਪ੍ਰੋਡੀਜੀ
profane: ਸੰਸਾਰੀ
profess: ਦਾਅਵਾ
proficient: ਨਿਪੁੰਨ
profligate: ਫਜ਼ੂਲਖ਼ਰਚੀ
profound: ਡੂੰਘਾ
profuse: ਾਰੀ
progeny: ਔਲਾਦ
proletariat: ਪ੍ਰੋਲੇਤਾਰੀ
proliferate: ਵਧ
prolific: ਵੱਡਾ
promulgate: ਪੇਸ਼
propagate: ਪ੍ਰਸਾਰ
propensity: propensity
propitious: propitious
proponent: ਖੋਜਕਾਰ
propound: ਸੁਣਾਵੇ
proprietary: ਮਲਕੀਅਤ
propriety: propriety
prosaic: prosaic
proscribe: proscribe
proselytize: ਥੋਪਦੇ
protagonist: ਕੱਨੜ
protege: ਭੁਗਤਣਾ ਹੀ
protocol: ਪ੍ਰੋਟੋਕੋਲ
protract: protract
provident: ਪਰ੍ੋਵੀਡਟ
provincial: ਸੂਬਾਈ
provisional: ਆਰਜ਼ੀ
provocation: ਭੜਕਾਹਟ
prowess: ਬਹਾਦਰੀ
proximity: ਨੇੜਤਾ
prudent: ਚੁਸਤ
prurient: prurient
pseudonym: pseudonym
psyche: ਮਾਨਸਿਕਤਾ
pummel: ਕੁੱਟਦਾ
punctilious: punctilious
pundit: ਪੰਡਤ
pungent: pungent
punitive: ਭਾਰੀ
purblind: purblind
puritanical: puritanical
putative: putative
quaint: ਅਚਛੀ
qualify: ਯੋਗਤਾ ਪੂਰੀ
qualitative: ਗੁਣਾਤਮਕ
quandary: ਦੁਬਿਧਾ
quasi: ਨੀਮ
quay: Quay
quell: ਨੂੰ ਦਬਾਉਣ
querulous: ਇੰਜ ਜੰਮੀ
query: ਕਿਊਰੀ
queue: ਕਤਾਰ
quiescent: quiescent
quintessential: ਵਰਤਾਰਾ
quixotic: ਖ਼ਿਆਲੀ
quizzical: quizzical
quotidian: quotidian
ramification: ਅੰਤਰਰਾਜੀ ਪ੍ਰਭਾਵ
rampant: ਫੈਲੀ
rancor: ਵੈਰ ਭਾਵ
rapacious: ਚੜ੍ਹੇਗਾ
rapture: ਅਨੰਦ
rarefied: ਮਾਣਦੀ
ratify: ਪੁਸ਼ਟੀ
ratiocination: ratiocination
rationale: ਤਰਕ
raucous: ਨੂੰ ਭੰਡਣ
reactionary: ਪਿਛਾਖੜੀ
rebuff: ਤੋੜ ਜਵਾਬ
rebuke: ਝਿੜਕਿਆ
rebut: ਕਹੋਗੇ
recalcitrant: ਵਿਰੋਧੀ
recant: ਕਹੇਗਾ
recidivism: ਜ਼ਿਕਰਯੋਗ ਹੈ
reciprocal: ਦੋਤਰਫ਼ਾ
reclaim: ਮੁੜ ਸ਼ੁਰੂ
reclusive: reclusive
recondite: recondite
recrimination: ਵਮਹਣੇਦੇਡਰ
redeem: ਨਿਸਤਾਰਾ
redolent: redolent
redress: ਨਿਵਾਰਨ
redundant: ਫ਼ਾਲਤੂ
referendum: ਜਨਮਤ
refractory: refractory
refute: ਸਾਬਤ
regime: ਸਰਕਾਰ
regimen: ਵਿਧੀ
reiterate: ਸੋਧਣਾ
relegate: ਦਰਜਾ ਦੇਈਏ
relentless: ਜਾਨੀ
relinquish: ਤਿਆਗ
remission: ਮੁਆਫ਼ੀ
remonstrate: remonstrate
remuneration: ਮਿਹਨਤਾਨੇ
renaissance: Renaissance
rend: ਕੁੜਤੇ ਨੂੰ
render: ਨੂੰ ਦੇਣਾ ਹੈ
renounce: ਤਿਆਗ
reparation: ਹਰਜਾਨੇ
repartee: repartee
repercussion: repercussion
replenish: replenish
replete: ਆਜੋਜਿਤ
replicate: ਨੂੰ ਦੁਹਰਾਉਣ
repose: ਪ੍ਰਗਟ
reprehensible: ਗੁਨਾਹਗਾਰ
repress: ਦਬਾਉਣ
reprimand: ਤਾੜਨਾ
reprisal: ਬਦਲੇ
reproach: ਬਦਨਾਮੀ
reprobate: ਕਰਨੇ
reprove: ਗਲਤ
repudiate: ਨੂੰ ਰੱਦ
repugnant: ਘਿਣਾਉਣੀ
requisite: ਯੋਗਤਾ
resignation: ਅਸਤੀਫਾ
resolute: ਦ੍ਰਿੜ੍ਹ
respite: ਰਾਹਤ
resplendent: ਨੂਰਾਨੀ
resurrection: ਜੀ ਉੱਠਣ
reticent: ਜੁਲਣਾ
retort: ਨੇ ਜਵਾਬ
retrospect: ਦੀ ਝਾਤ
revamp: ਫੇਰਬਦਲ
revel: ਐਸ਼ੋ
revere: ਭੈ
revile: ਬੇਇੱਜ਼ਤੀ
revulsion: ਦੁਖੀ
rhapsodize: rhapsodize
rhetoric: ਬਿਆਨਬਾਜ਼ੀ
ribald: ribald
rife: ਭਰਿਆ
rigorous: ਸਖ਼ਤ
rivet: Rivet
robust: ਮਜ਼ਬੂਤ
rogue: ਠੱਗ
rout: ਹਾਰ
rudimentary: ਸਾਧਾਰਣ
rue: ਹਰਮਲ
ruminate: ruminate
rustic: ਗ੍ਰਾਮੀਣ
saccharine: saccharine
sacrilege: ਮਨਮਤ
sacrosanct: ਪਵਿਤਰ
sagacious: sagacious
salient: ਮੁੱਖ
sally: ਸੈਲੀ
salutary: ਚੰਗਾ
salutation: ਪ੍ਰਣਾਮ
sanctimonious: ਪਾਖੰਡ
sanction: ਮਨਜ਼ੂਰੀ
sanguine: sanguine
sarcasm: sarcasm
sardonic: sardonic
savant: ਵਿਦਵਾਨ
scant: ਰਾਜਨੇਤਾ
schism: ਦੁਫੇੜ
scintillate: scintillate
scorn: ਨਫ਼ਰਤ
scrupulous: ਬਹੂ
scrutinize: ਛਾਣਬੀਣ
seamless: ਸਹਿਜ
secede: ਵੱਖ
seclusion: ਤਨਹਾਈ
sect: ਪੰਥ
secular: ਧਰਮ ਨਿਰਪੱਖ
sedentary: ਸੁਸ
sedition: ਫ਼ਸਾਦ
segregate: ਨੂੰ ਵੰਡਣ ਲਈ
self-made: ਖ਼ੁਦ ਬਣਾਇਆ ਗਿਆ
sensory: ਸੰਵੇਦੀ
sententious: sententious
sentient: ਰਸ
sequester: sequester
serendipity: serendipity
serene: ਨਜ਼ਰ ਆਵੇ
serpentine: Serpentine
servile: ਦਿਨ
shackle: shackle
shibboleth: ਸ਼ਿੱਬੋਲਥ
shrewd: ਸਿਆਣਾ
singular: ਇਕਵਚਨ
sinister: ਖ਼ੌਫ਼ਨਾਕ
skirmish: ਝੜਪ
skittish: skittish
slake: ਭੱਠੀ ਹੋਇਆ
slander: ਨਿੰਦਿਆ
sloth: ਸੁਸਤੀ
sobriety: ਗਹਿ
solace: ਤਸੱਲੀ
solidarity: ਇਕਮੁੱਠਤਾ
solvent: ਘੋਲਨ
soporific: ਨੀਦ
sordid: ਨੀਚ
sovereign: ਗਿੰਨੀ
spate: ਜਿਨ
spawn: ਸਪਾਨ
specious: ਬਨਾਉਟੀ
specter: ਮੰਡਰਾ
spectrum: ਸਪੈਕਟ੍ਰਮ
sporadic: ਵਿਚਾਲ
spurious: ਨਕਲੀ
spurn: ਠੁਕਰਾਇਆ
squalor: ਦਲਿੱਦਰ
squander: ਗੁਆਉਣਾ
stagnation: ਖੜੋਤ
stalwart: ਆਗੂ
stark: ਬਿਲਕੁਲ
static: ਸਥਿਰ
staunch: ਪੱਕਾ
steadfast: ਸਥਿਰ
stigmatize: stigmatize
stint: ਕਾਰਜਕਾਲ
stipend: ਵਜ਼ੀਫ਼ਾ
stipulate: ਰਤ
stoic: ਸਤੋਕਿਈ
stolid: stolid
stout: stout
stratagem: ਸ਼ੜਯੰਤਰ
stratum: stratum
stricture: stricture
strife: ਝਗੜੇ
stringent: ਸਖਤ
stupendous: ਭਰਪੂਰ
stupor: ਨੂੰ ਗਹਿਰਾ ਸੌਣ
stymie: stymie
subjugate: ਅਧੀਨ
sublime: ਸ੍ਰੇਸ਼ਟ
subordinate: ਅਧੀਨ
subside: ਘੱਟ
subsidiary: ਸਹਾਇਕ
subsidize: ਸਬਸਿਡੀ
substantiate: ਸਾਬਤ
substantive: ਠੋਸ
subterfuge: subterfuge
subtle: ਸੂਖਮ
subversive: ਨੂੰ ਖੋਰ
succinct: succinct
succumb: ਸ਼ਿਕਾਰ
suffice: ਕਾਫੀ
suffrage: ਮਤਾਧਿਕਾਰ
suffuse: suffuse
sumptuous: sumptuous
supercilious: supercilious
superficial: ਸਤਹੀ
superfluous: ਜ਼ਰੂਰਤ
supersede: supersede
supine: supine
supplication: ਬੇਨਤੀ
suppress: ਨੂੰ ਦਬਾਉਣ
surfeit: surfeit
surmise: ਸਿੱਖ
surreal: surreal
surreptitious: surreptitious
surrogate: ਿਕਸੇਸਹਾਇਕ
susceptible: ਸੀਕਾਰ
sweeping: ਅਰਥਸ਼ਾਸਤਰੀ
sycophant: sycophant
syntax: ਸੰਟੈਕਸ
synthesis: ਸੰਸਲੇਸ਼ਣ
systemic: ਸੰਸਥਾਤਮਕ
tacit: ਪਰਤੱਖ
taciturn: taciturn
tactical: ਅਤੇਯੁਕ
taint: ਦਾਗ਼ੀ
tangential: tangential
tangible: ਠੋਸ
tantamount: ਬਰਾਬਰ
tautological: tautological
tedium: tedium
teem: ਹੋਣੇ
temerity: temerity
temperate: temperate
temporal: ਲੌਕਿਕ
temporize: temporize
tenable: tenable
tenacious: ਸਰਗਰਮਤਾ
tenet: tenet
tentative: ਸੰਭਾਵੀ
tenuous: tenuous
tepid: tepid
terse: ਦੀ ਲੀਡਰਸ਼ਿਪ ਨਾਲ
theology: ਸ਼ਾਸਤਰ
thesis: ਥੀਸਸ
thorny: ਸੋਸਨ
threshold: ਥਰੈਸ਼ਹੋਲਡ
throttle: ਥਰੌਟਲ
thwart: ਰੋਕ
timorous: timorous
tirade: ਮੋਰਚਾ
titillate: titillate
titular: titular
toil: ਮਿਹਨਤ
torpor: torpor
tortuous: tortuous
touchstone: ਕਸਵੱਟੀ
tout: ਦਾ ਦਾਅਵਾ
toxic: ਜ਼ਹਿਰੀਲੇ
transcend: ਪਾਰ
transfix: transfix
transgress: ਉਲੰਘਨਾ
transient: ਅਸਥਾਈ
trauma: ਸਦਮੇ
travesty: ਮਜ਼ਾਕ
trenchant: trenchant
trepidation: ਕੀ ਹੋਊ
triumvirate: ਤਿਕੜੀ
tryst: ਕਮ-
tumult: ਹੰਗਾਮਾ
turbid: turbid
turmoil: ਗੜਬੜ
turpitude: ਚਰਿੱਤਰਹੀਣਤਾ
ubiquitous: ubiquitous
uncanny: ਬਦੀ
unconscionable: ਬਿਲਕੁਲ
unctuous: unctuous
underlying: ਅੰਡਰਲਾਈੰਗ
undermine: ਕਮਜ਼ੋਰ
underscore: ਜ਼ੋਰ
underwrite: ਜ਼ੁੰਮੇਵਾਰੀ
uniform: ਯੂਨੀਫਾਰਮ
unilateral: ਇਕਪਾਸੜ
unremitting: ਲਗਾਤਾਰ
unwitting: ਅਣਜਾਣੇ
urbane: ਸਤਾਖੁਸ
usurp: ਹੜੱਪਣ
usury: ਬਿਆਜ
utilitarian: ਉਪਯੋਗੀ
utopia: Utopia
vacillate: ਡੋਲਣ
vacuous: vacuous
vagary: vagary
vanquish: ਜਿੱਤ
vapid: vapid
vehement: ਜ਼ੋਰਦਾਰ
venal: ਬਰਧਨ
veneer: ਟੀਪ
venerate: venerate
veracity: ਓਹਨਾ
verbose: ਵਿਸਥਾਰ
verdant: ਹਰਿਆਲੀ
verge: ਕਗਾਰ
verisimilitude: ਕਥਾਨਿਕ
verity: ਸੂਹੀ
vernacular: ਬੋਲੀ
vestige: ਨਾਮੋ
vex: ਦੰਡ
viable: ਮੁਮਕਿਨ
vicarious: ਸਹਿੰਦੇ
vicissitude: vicissitude
vie: vie
vigilant: ਚੌਕਸ
vignette: ਰੇਖਾ ਚਿੱਤਰ
vilify: vilify
vindicate: ਸਹੀ ਸਾਬਤ
vindictive: ਬਦਲਾ
virtuoso: virtuoso
virulent: virulent
viscous: viscous
visionary: ਦਰਸ਼ਣ
vitiate: vitiate
vitriolic: ਬਹਿਸਬਾਜ਼ੀ
vivacious: ਖ਼ੁਸ਼ਮਿਜ਼ਾਜ
vocation: vocation
vociferous: Vociferous
vogue: ਪ੍ਰਚਲਿਤ
volatile: ਅਸਥਿਰ
volition: volition
voluminous: ਵੱਡ
voluptuous: voluptuous
voracious: voracious
waft: waft
waive: ਛੋਟ
wake: ਜਾਗ
wane: ਘੱਟਦੀ ਜਾ
wanton: ਅਮੀਰੀ
warrant: ਵਾਰੰਟ
wary: ਸਚੇਤ
willful: ਜਾਣ-ਬੁੱਝ ਕੇ
wistful: wistful
wizened: wizened
woe: ਲਾਹਨਤ ਹੈ
wrath: ਗੁੱਸੇ
zealous: ਜੋਸ਼ੀਲੇ
zeitgeist: ਵਾਰ ਦੀ ਸੰਭਵਤਾ
zenith: ਸਿਖਰ
