abase: humillar
abash: avergonzar
abate: disminuir
abdicate: abdicar
aberration: aberración
abet: instigar
abeyance: suspensión
abhor: aborrecer
abject: abyecto
abjure: abjurar de
abnegate: renunciar
abomination: abominación
aboriginal: aborigen
abortive: abortivo
abound: abundar
abridge: abreviar
abrogate: abrogar
absolute: absoluto
absolve: absolver
abstinent: abstinente
abstract: abstracto
abstruse: abstruso
abysmal: abismal
accede: acceder a
accentuate: acentuar
access: acceso
acclaim: aclamación
accolade: espaldarazo
accord: acuerdo
accost: abordar
accrue: acumularse
acerbic: acerbo
acquiesce: ceder
acquisitive: codicioso
acquit: absolver
acrid: acre
acrimonious: mordaz
acronym: acrónimo
acumen: perspicacia
acute: agudo
ad-lib: improvisar
adage: adagio
adamant: firme
address: dirección
adduce: aducir
adherent: adherente
adjourn: aplazar
adjunct: adjunto
admonish: amonestar
adroit: hábil
adulation: adulación
adulterate: adulterar
advent: adviento
adventitious: adventicio
adverse: adverso
advocate: abogado
aesthetic: estético
affable: afable
affectation: afectación
affidavit: declaración jurada
affiliate: filial
affinity: afinidad
affliction: aflicción
affluent: afluente
afford: permitirse
affront: afrenta
aftermath: secuelas
agenda: orden del día
aggrandize: engrandecer
aggregate: agregar
aggrieve: ofender
aghast: espantado
agnostic: agnóstico
agrarian: agrario
alacrity: prontitud
alchemy: alquimia
alienate: enajenar
allege: alegar
allegiance: lealtad
allegory: alegoría
alleviate: aliviar
allocate: asignar
allot: asignar
alloy: aleación
allusion: alusión
aloof: a distancia
altercation: altercado
altruism: altruismo
amass: acumular
ambience: ambiente
ambiguous: ambiguo
ambivalent: ambivalente
ameliorate: mejorar
amenable: dócil
amenity: amenidad
amiable: amable
amnesty: amnistía
amorous: amoroso
amorphous: amorfo
anachronism: anacronismo
analogy: analogía
anarchy: anarquía
anathema: anatema
ancillary: auxiliar
anecdote: anécdota
angst: angustia
anguish: angustia
animosity: animosidad
annex: anexo
annuity: anualidad
anomaly: anomalía
antecedent: antecedente
antedate: antedatar
anterior: anterior
anthology: antología
anthropomorphic: antropomórfico
antipathy: antipatía
antipodal: antípoda
antiquity: antigüedad
antithesis: antítesis
apartheid: segregación racial
apathy: apatía
aperture: abertura
apex: ápex
aphorism: aforismo
apocalypse: apocalipsis
apocryphal: apócrifo
apogee: apogeo
apoplexy: apoplejía
apostasy: apostasía
apotheosis: apoteosis
appalling: pésimo
apparition: aparición
appease: apaciguar
appellation: denominación
appendage: apéndice
apportion: prorratear
apposite: apropiado
appraise: evaluar
appreciate: apreciar
apprehensive: aprensivo
apprise: informar
approbation: aprobación
appropriate: apropiado
appurtenance: accesorio
apropos: a propósito
apt: apto
aptitude: aptitud
arbiter: árbitro
arbitrary: arbitrario
arcade: arcada
arcane: arcano
archaic: arcaico
archetype: arquetipo
archipelago: archipiélago
archives: archivo
ardent: ardiente
arduous: arduo
arid: árido
aristocratic: aristocrático
armament: armamento
armistice: armisticio
arraign: acusar
arrant: redomado
arrears: atrasos
arsenal: arsenal
artful: ingenioso
articulate: articular
artifice: artificio
artisan: artesano
ascendancy: ascendencia
ascertain: comprobar
ascetic: ascético
ascribe: atribuir
askance: de reojo
aspersion: aspersión
assail: atacar
assert: afirmar
assess: evaluar
assiduous: asiduo
assimilate: asimilar
assuage: calmar
astringent: astringente
astute: astuto
asylum: asilo
atheist: ateo
atone: expiar
atrophy: atrofia
attest: dar fe
attribute: atributo
attrition: desgaste
audacity: audacia
augment: aumentar
augur: augur
august: agosto
auspices: auspicios
auspicious: propicio
austere: austero
autocratic: autocrático
autonomous: autónomo
auxiliary: auxiliar
avail: aprovechar
avant-garde: vanguardia
avarice: avaricia
aversion: aversión
avert: evitar
avid: ávido
avow: confesar
avuncular: de tío
awry: torcido
axiom: axioma
bacchanal: báquico
baleful: funesto
balk: obstáculo
ballyhoo: alboroto
balm: bálsamo
banal: banal
bandy: hockey con pelota
bane: perdición
banter: bromear
baroque: barroco
barrage: bombardeo
bastion: bastión
bauble: chuchería
bedlam: algarabía
beget: engendrar
begrudge: envidiar
behest: petición
belabor: apalear
beleaguer: sitiar
belie: desmentir
belittle: empequeñecer
belligerent: beligerante
bemoan: lamentar
bemused: perplejo
benediction: bendición
benefactor: benefactor
benevolent: benévolo
benighted: ignorante
benign: benigno
bequest: legado
bereaved: afligido
beset: acosar
bestow: otorgar
bilious: bilioso
bivouac: vivac
blanch: blanquear
bland: amable
blandishment: halago
blasphemy: blasfemia
blatant: evidente
blight: plaga
bliss: dicha
blithe: alegre
bluster: fanfarronear
bombast: ampulosidad
boon: bendición
boor: patán
booty: botín
botch: chapucear
bourgeois: burgués
bovine: bovino
bracing: vigorizante
brandish: blandir
bravado: bravata
brawn: queso de cerdo
brazen: descarado
breach: incumplimiento
brevity: brevedad
brink: borde
bristle: cerda
broach: broche
bromide: bromuro
brouhaha: alboroto
brusque: brusco
bucolic: bucólico
buffoon: bufón
bulwark: baluarte
bureaucracy: burocracia
burgeon: brote
burlesque: burlesco
byzantine: bizantino
cabal: cábala
cache: cache
cacophony: cacofonía
cadence: cadencia
cajole: engatusar
calamity: calamidad
callous: calloso
callow: inexperto
calumny: calumnia
candor: candor
canon: canon
cant: hipocresía
canvass: sondeo
capacious: espacioso
capital: capital
capitalism: capitalismo
capitulate: capitular
capricious: caprichoso
captivate: cautivar
carcinogenic: carcinogénico
cardinal: cardenal
careen: carena
caricature: caricatura
cartography: cartografía
cascade: cascada
castigate: castigar
cataclysm: cataclismo
catalyst: catalizador
categorical: categórico
catharsis: catarsis
catholic: católico
caucus: camarilla
caustic: cáustico
cavalier: caballero
cavil: reparo
celibacy: celibato
censure: censura
cerebral: cerebral
chaff: paja
chagrin: disgusto
chameleon: camaleón
champion: campeón
channel: canal
charisma: carisma
charlatan: charlatán
chasm: abismo
chaste: casto
chastise: castigar
cherub: querubín
chicanery: sofística
chimera: quimera
choleric: colérico
chortle: risa alegre
chronic: crónico
chronicle: crónica
churl: patán
chutzpah: descaro
cipher: cifrar
circuitous: tortuoso
circumlocution: circunloquio
circumnavigate: circunnavegar
circumscribe: circunscribir
circumspect: circunspecto
circumvent: evitar
citadel: ciudadela
civil: civil
clandestine: clandestino
classic: clásico
cleave: adherirse
clemency: clemencia
cliche: cliché
climatic: climático
clique: camarilla
cloister: claustro
clone: clon
clout: influencia
cloy: empalagar
coalesce: juntarse
coddle: mimar
coerce: obligar
cogent: convincente
cogitate: meditar
cognitive: cognitivo
cognizant: competente
coherent: coherente
cohort: cohorte
colloquial: coloquial
collusion: colusión
commemorate: conmemorar
commensurate: conmensurar
commiserate: compadecer
commodious: grande
compatible: compatible
compelling: irresistible
compendium: compendio
competent: competente
compile: compilar
complacent: suficiente
complement: complemento
complicity: complicidad
comply: cumplir
composed: compuesto
comprehensive: exhaustivo
comprise: comprender
compromise: compromiso
compunction: compunción
concave: cóncavo
concede: conceder
concentric: concéntrico
concert: concierto
conciliatory: conciliador
concise: conciso
concoct: confeccionar
concomitant: concomitante
concord: concordia
concurrent: concurrente
condescend: condescender
condone: condonar
conducive: conducente
confederate: confederado
confer: conferir
confidant: confidente
configuration: configuración
conflagration: conflagración
confluence: confluencia
confound: confundir
congeal: congelar
congenial: agradable
congenital: congénito
congregate: congregarse
conjecture: conjetura
conjugal: conyugal
conjure: conjurar
connive: conspirar
connoisseur: conocedor
consecrate: consagrar
consensus: consenso
conservatory: conservatorio
consign: consignar
consolidate: consolidar
consonant: consonante
conspicuous: conspicuo
consternation: consternación
constituency: distrito electoral
construe: interpretar
consummate: consumar
contempt: desprecio
contentious: contencioso
contiguous: contiguo
contingent: contingente
continuum: continuum
contraband: contrabando
contretemps: contratiempo
contrite: contrito
contrived: artificial
contumely: contumelia
conundrum: adivinanza
convene: convocar
conventional: convencional
conversant: versado en
converse: conversar
convey: transmitir
conviction: convicción
convivial: alegre
convolution: circunvolución
copious: copioso
cordial: cordial
corollary: corolario
corporeal: corpóreo
correlation: correlación
corroborate: corroborar
corrosive: corrosivo
corrugated: acanalado
cosmopolitan: cosmopolita
coterie: grupo
countenance: rostro
coup: golpe
covenant: pacto
covert: encubierto
covet: codiciar
cower: acobardarse
crass: craso
craven: cobarde
credulous: crédulo
crescendo: crescendo
crestfallen: cabizbajo
crevice: hendedura
cringe: encogerse
criterion: criterio
critique: crítica
crux: quid
cryptic: críptico
cuisine: cocina
culinary: culinario
cull: desecho
culminate: culminar
culpable: culpable
curb: bordillo
curmudgeon: cascarrabias
cursory: superficial
curtail: acortar
cynic: cínico
daunt: acobardar
dearth: escasez
debacle: debacle
debase: degradar
debauchery: libertinaje
debilitate: debilitar
debunk: desenmascarar
decadent: decadente
decimate: diezmar
decorous: decoroso
decree: decreto
decry: desacreditar
deduce: deducir
deem: considerar
defame: difamar
deference: deferencia
deficit: déficit
defile: desfiladero
definitive: definitivo
deft: hábil
defunct: difunto
degenerate: degenerar
degrade: degradar
deign: dignarse
deity: deidad
dejected: abatido
delectable: delicioso
deleterious: perjudicial
delineate: delinear
delinquent: delincuente
delude: engañar
deluge: diluvio
delve: ahondar
demagogue: demagogo
demeanor: comportamiento
demise: fallecimiento
demography: demografía
demur: objetar
demure: recatado
denizen: habitante
denomination: denominación
denote: denotar
denounce: denunciar
depict: representar
deplete: agotar
deplore: deplorar
deploy: desplegar
depose: deponer
depravity: depravación
deprecate: desaprobar
derelict: abandonado
deride: ridiculizar
derogatory: despectivo
desiccate: desecar
desist: desistir
despondent: abatido
despot: déspota
destitute: indigente
desultory: inconexo
devout: devoto
dexterous: diestro
dialectical: dialéctico
diatribe: diatriba
dichotomy: dicotomía
dictum: dictamen
didactic: didáctico
diffident: tímido
diffuse: difuso
digress: divagar
dilapidated: arruinado
dilate: dilatar
dilemma: dilema
dilettante: diletante
diminution: disminución
dire: terrible
dirge: endecha
disaffect: desafectar
disarray: desorden
discern: discernir
disclaim: negar
discomfit: desconcertar en algo
disconcert: desconcertar
discourse: discurso
discreet: discreto
discrepancy: discrepancia
discrete: discreto
discriminate: discriminar
disdain: desdén
disgruntle: disgustar
disinformation: desinformación
disinterested: desinteresado
dismal: triste
dismay: consternación
disparage: menospreciar
disparate: dispar
dispassionate: desapasionado
disperse: dispersar
dispirit: desalentar
disposition: disposición
disproportionate: desproporcionado
disquiet: desasosiego
dissemble: disimular
disseminate: diseminar
dissent: disentimiento
disservice: deservicio
dissident: disidente
dissipate: disipar
dissolution: disolución
dissuade: disuadir
distend: distender
distinct: distinto
distinguish: distinguir
diurnal: diurno
divine: adivinar
divulge: divulgar
docile: dócil
doctrinaire: doctrinario
document: documento
dogmatic: dogmático
doldrums: zona de las calmas ecuatoriales
doleful: triste
dolt: imbécil
domestic: nacional
dormant: latente
dotage: chochez
double: doble
dour: austero
downcast: alicaído
downplay: minimizar
draconian: draconiano
droll: gracioso
dross: escoria
dubious: dudoso
duplicity: duplicidad
duress: coacción
ebb: reflujo
ebullient: exuberante
eccentric: excéntrico
ecclesiastical: eclesiástico
eclectic: ecléctico
eclipse: eclipse
ecosystem: ecosistema
edict: edicto
edifice: edificio
edify: edificar
efface: borrar
effectual: eficaz
efficacy: eficacia
effigy: efigie
effusion: efusión
egalitarian: igualitario
egocentric: egocéntrico
egregious: enorme
elation: elación
electorate: electorado
elegy: elegía
elicit: obtener
elite: élite
elliptical: elíptico
elocution: elocución
elusive: elusivo
emaciate: demacrar
emanate: emanar
emancipate: emancipar
embargo: embargo
embellish: embellecer
embody: encarnar
embroil: embrollar
embryonic: embrionario
emigrate: emigrar
eminent: eminente
emissary: emisario
empathy: empatía
empirical: empírico
empower: autorizar
emulate: emular
encroach: invadir
endear: hacerse querer por
endemic: endémico
enervate: enervar
enfranchise: emancipar
engaging: atractivo
engender: engendrar
enigma: enigma
enmity: enemistad
ennui: tedio
enormity: enormidad
ensue: sobrevenir
entail: implicar
entity: entidad
entreat: rogar a
entrepreneur: empresario
enumerate: enumerar
envision: guardar
ephemeral: efímero
epicure: sibarita
epigram: epigrama
epilogue: epílogo
epitome: epítome
epoch: época
equanimity: ecuanimidad
equestrian: ecuestre
equitable: equitativo
equivocal: equívoco
erudite: erudito
esoteric: esotérico
espouse: adoptar
estimable: estimable
estrange: alejarse
ethereal: etéreo
ethics: ética
eulogy: elogio
euphemism: eufemismo
evanescent: evanescente
evince: mostrar
evoke: evocar
exacerbate: exacerbar
exacting: exigente
exalt: exaltar
exasperate: exasperar
excise: extirpar
exemplify: ejemplificar
exempt: eximir
exhaustive: exhaustivo
exhort: exhortar
exhume: exhumar
exigency: exigencia
existential: existencial
exodus: éxodo
exonerate: exonerar
exorbitant: exorbitante
expatriate: expatriado
expedient: conveniente
expedite: acelerar
expiate: expiar
explicate: explicar
explicit: explícito
exposition: exposición
expostulate: protestar
expunge: borrar
exquisite: exquisito
extant: existente
extol: ensalzar
extort: extorsionar
extraneous: extraño
extrapolate: extrapolar
extremity: extremidad
extricate: librar
extrovert: extrovertido
exuberant: exuberante
exult: exultar
fabrication: fabricación
facade: fachada
facet: faceta
facetious: chistoso
facile: fácil
faction: facción
fallacy: falacia
farcical: absurdo
fastidious: fastidioso
fatalist: fatalista
fathom: braza
fatuous: fatuo
fauna: fauna
faux: faux
fawn: adular
fecund: fecundo
feign: fingir
felicity: felicidad
fervor: fervor
fester: enconarse
fetish: fetiche
fetter: grillete
fiasco: fiasco
fiat: fíat
fickle: voluble
fidelity: fidelidad
figment: producto
figurative: figurativo
finesse: finura
fiscal: fiscal
flagrant: flagrante
flaunt: lucir
fledgling: volantón
flippant: ligero
florid: florido
flout: burlarse de
fodder: forraje
foible: debilidad
folly: locura
foment: fomentar
foray: incursión
forbear: abstenerse
forebode: presagiar
foreclose: anular una hipoteca
forego: adelantar
forensic: forense
forestall: prevenir
forsake: abandonar
forswear: abjurar de
forte: forte
forthright: directo
fortuitous: fortuito
foster: fomentar
founder: fundador
fragmentary: fragmentario
fraternal: fraternal
frenetic: frenético
frugal: frugal
fruitful: fructífero
fuel: combustible
fulminate: fulminar
furtive: furtivo
futile: fútil
gaffe: metedura de pata
galvanize: galvanizar
gambit: gambito
gamut: gama
garner: granero
garrulous: gárrulo
gastronomy: gastronomía
gauche: desmañado
generic: genérico
genesis: génesis
genocide: genocidio
genre: género
genteel: gentil
germane: relacionado
gesticulate: gesticular
ghastly: horrible
glut: exceso
grandiloquent: grandilocuente
grandiose: grandioso
gratis: gratis
gratuitous: gratuito
gravity: gravedad
gregarious: gregario
grievous: grave
grimace: mueca
guile: engaño
guise: guisa
habituate: habituar
hackneyed: trillado
halcyon: martín pescador
hapless: desventurado
harass: acosar
harbinger: heraldo
harp: arpa
harry: Harry
hedonism: hedonismo
hegemony: hegemonía
heinous: atroz
herald: heraldo
heresy: herejía
hermetic: hermético
heyday: apogeo
hiatus: hiato
hierarchy: jerarquía
histrionic: histriónico
hoary: canoso
homage: homenaje
homily: homilía
homogeneous: homogéneo
hubris: hybris
husbandry: agricultura
hyperbole: hipérbole
hypocrisy: hipocresía
hypothetical: hipotético
iconoclast: iconoclasta
ideology: ideología
idiom: idioma
idiosyncrasy: idiosincrasia
idyllic: idílico
ignominy: ignominia
illicit: ilícito
imbue: imbuir
immigrate: inmigrar
imminent: inminente
immutable: inmutable
impartial: imparcial
impasse: punto muerto
impeach: procesar
impeccable: impecable
impecunious: pobre
impede: impedir
impending: inminente
impenetrable: impenetrable
imperative: imperativo
imperial: imperial
impervious: impermeable
impetuous: impetuoso
implement: implementar
implication: implicación
importune: importunar
impotent: impotente
impoverish: empobrecer
impregnable: inexpugnable
impresario: empresario
impromptu: improvisado
improvise: improvisar
impugn: impugnar
impunity: impunidad
inadvertent: inadvertido
inalienable: inalienable
inane: inane
inaugurate: inaugurar
incandescent: incandescente
incantation: conjuro
incarnation: encarnación
incendiary: incendiario
incense: incienso
incessant: incesante
incipient: incipiente
incisive: incisivo
inclination: inclinación
incongruous: incongruente
incorrigible: incorregible
increment: incremento
inculcate: inculcar
incumbent: titular
incursion: incursión
indict: procesar
indifferent: indiferente
indigenous: indígena
indigent: indigente
indignant: indignado
indolent: indolente
induce: inducir
indulgent: indulgente
ineffable: inefable
ineluctable: ineluctable
inept: inepto
ineradicable: inextirpable
inert: inerte
inexorable: inexorable
infamous: infame
infatuated: chiflado por
infer: inferir
infinitesimal: infinitesimal
inflammatory: inflamatorio
influx: afluencia
infraction: infracción
infrastructure: infraestructura
infringe: infringir
infuse: infundir
ingenuous: ingenuo
ingratiate: captar la simpatía de
inherent: inherente
inimical: hostil
injunction: mandato
innate: innato
innocuous: inocuo
innuendo: insinuación
inordinate: desordenado
inquisition: inquisición
insatiable: insaciable
insidious: insidioso
insinuate: insinuar
insipid: insípido
insolent: insolente
insouciant: despreocupada
instigate: instigar
insufferable: insufrible
insular: insular
insuperable: insuperable
insurgent: insurgente
insurrection: insurrección
integral: integral
integrate: integrar
interim: provisional
interloper: intruso
interlude: interludio
interminable: interminable
intermittent: intermitente
intersperse: entremezclar
intervene: intervenir
intimate: íntimo
intractable: intratable
intransigent: intransigente
intricate: intrincado
intrigue: intriga
intrinsic: intrínseco
introspective: introspectivo
inundate: inundar
invective: invectiva
inveterate: empedernido
invidious: odioso
inviolate: inviolado
invoke: invocar
irascible: irascible
iridescent: iridiscente
ironic: irónico
irrevocable: irrevocable
itinerant: itinerante
jargon: jerga
jaunt: excursión
jingoism: jingoísmo
jocular: jocoso
jubilation: jubilación
judicious: juicioso
junction: unión
junta: junta
juxtapose: yuxtaponer
karma: karma
kinetic: cinético
labyrinth: laberinto
laconic: lacónico
lament: lamento
lampoon: satirizar
languish: languidecer
larceny: hurto
largess: generosidad
lascivious: lascivo
latent: latente
laud: alabar
lavish: prodigar
lax: flojo
layman: lego
legacy: legado
lethargy: letargo
levity: ligereza
liaison: enlace
libel: difamación
licentious: licencioso
limpid: límpido
listless: apático
litany: letanía
litigate: litigar
livid: lívido
loath: poco dispuesto
lobby: vestíbulo
loquacious: locuaz
lout: patán
lucid: lúcido
ludicrous: ridículo
lugubrious: lúgubre
luminous: luminoso
lyrical: lírico
machination: maquinación
magnanimous: magnánimo
magnate: magnate
malaise: malestar
malapropism: despropósito lingüístico
malfeasance: crimen
malignant: maligno
malinger: hacerse el enfermo
malleable: maleable
mandate: mandato
mania: manía
manifest: manifiesto
manifesto: manifiesto
marginal: marginal
marshal: mariscal
martial: marcial
martyr: mártir
materialistic: materialista
matriculate: matricularse
maudlin: sensiblero
maverick: disidente
mawkish: empalagoso
maxim: máxima
meander: meandro
mediate: mediar
medium: medio
melancholy: melancolía
melee: pelea confusa
mellifluous: melifluo
menagerie: casa de fieras
mendacious: mendaz
mendicant: mendicante
mentor: mentor
mercenary: mercenario
mercurial: mercurial
metamorphosis: metamorfosis
meticulous: meticuloso
microcosm: microcosmo
milieu: medio
millennium: milenio
miniscule: minúscula
mire: fango
misanthropic: misantrópico
mitigate: mitigar
mode: modo
modulate: modular
mollify: apaciguar
momentum: impulso
monolithic: monolítico
moratorium: moratoria
mores: costumbres
moribund: moribundo
morose: malhumorado
mortify: mortificar
motif: motivo
motley: abigarrado
mundane: mundano
municipal: municipal
munificent: munificente
muse: musa
muster: reunión
myopia: miopía
myriad: miríada
mystic: místico
narcissism: narcisismo
nebulous: nebuloso
nefarious: vil
nemesis: justicia
neologism: neologismo
neophyte: neófito
nepotism: nepotismo
nihilism: nihilismo
nirvana: nirvana
noisome: maloliente
nomadic: nómada
nomenclature: nomenclatura
nominal: nominal
nonchalant: despreocupado
nostalgia: nostalgia
notorious: notorio
novel: novela
noxious: nocivo
nuance: matiz
nullify: anular
obdurate: obstinado
obeisance: reverencia
obfuscate: ofuscar
objective: objetivo
oblique: oblicuo
oblivion: olvido
obscure: oscuro
obsequious: servil
obtrusive: entrometido
obtuse: obtuso
obviate: evitar
occult: oculto
odious: odioso
odyssey: Odisea
officious: oficioso
olfactory: olfativo
oligarchy: oligarquía
ominous: ominoso
omniscient: omnisciente
onerous: oneroso
opaque: opaco
opprobrious: oprobioso
opulent: opulento
ordinance: ordenanza
orthodox: ortodoxo
oscillate: oscilar
osmosis: ósmosis
ostensible: aparente
ostentatious: ostentoso
ostracize: condenar al ostracismo
oust: expulsar
override: anular
overture: obertura
oxymoron: oxímoron
pacify: pacificar
painstaking: esmerado
palatable: sabroso
palliate: paliar
pallor: palidez
palpable: palpable
paltry: miserable
panacea: panacea
pandemic: pandemia
panegyric: panegírico
parable: parábola
paradigm: paradigma
paradox: paradoja
paragon: dechado
parallel: paralelo
paranoia: paranoia
paranormal: paranormal
parochial: parroquial
parody: parodia
paroxysm: paroxismo
parsimonious: parsimonioso
partisan: partidista
partition: dividir
pastoral: pastoral
patent: patentar
paternal: paternal
pathology: patología
pathos: patetismo
patina: pátina
patriarch: patriarca
patrician: patricio
patrimony: patrimonio
patronize: patrocinar
paucity: escasez
peccadillo: pecadillo
peculiar: peculiar
pedantic: pedante
pedestrian: peatonal
pejorative: peyorativo
penchant: inclinación
penitent: penitente
pensive: pensativo
peregrination: peregrinación
peremptory: perentorio
perennial: perenne
perfidy: perfidia
perfunctory: superficial
peripatetic: peripatético
periphery: periferia
perjury: perjurio
permeate: impregnar
pernicious: pernicioso
perpetrator: autor
perpetuate: perpetuar
perquisite: gratificación
pertinent: pertinente
perturb: perturbar
peruse: examinar detenidamente
pervade: impregnar
perverse: perverso
petulant: malhumorado
phantasm: fantasma
philanthropy: filantropía
philistine: filisteo
phlegmatic: flemático
pilgrimage: peregrinaje
pious: piadoso
pivotal: esencial
placate: aplacar
placebo: placebo
plaintive: lastimero
platitude: tópico
platonic: platónico
plausible: plausible
plebeian: plebeyo
plethora: plétora
pliable: flexible
plight: situación
plunder: saquear
pluralism: pluralismo
poignant: conmovedor
polarize: polarizar
polemic: polémica
ponderous: pesado
pontificate: pontificado
porous: poroso
portent: presagio
posterity: posteridad
posthumous: póstumo
postulate: postulado
posture: postura
pragmatic: pragmático
prattle: parloteo
precarious: precario
precedent: precedente
precept: precepto
precipitate: precipitado
precipitous: precipitado
preclude: imposibilitar
precocious: precoz
precursor: precursor
predecessor: predecesor
predicament: predicamento
predilection: predilección
predispose: predisponer
predominant: predominante
preeminent: preeminente
preempt: adelantarse a
pregnant: embarazada
prelude: preludio
premeditated: premeditado
premise: premisa
preponderance: preponderancia
prepossess: predisponer
prerogative: prerrogativa
presage: presagio
presentiment: presentimiento
presumably: presumiblemente
presuppose: presuponer
prevail: prevalecer
primal: primitivo
pristine: prístino
privation: privación
proclaim: proclamar
procure: obtener
prodigal: pródigo
prodigious: prodigioso
prodigy: prodigio
profane: profano
profess: profesar
proficient: competente
profligate: libertino
profound: profundo
profuse: profuso
progeny: progenie
proletariat: proletariado
proliferate: proliferar
prolific: prolífico
promulgate: promulgar
propagate: propagar
propensity: propensión
propitious: propicio
proponent: proponente
propound: proponer
proprietary: propiedad
propriety: propiedad
prosaic: prosaico
proscribe: proscribir
proselytize: convertir
protagonist: protagonista
protege: protegido
protocol: protocolo
protract: prolongar
provident: providente
provincial: provincial
provisional: provisional
provocation: provocación
prowess: valor
proximity: proximidad
prudent: prudente
prurient: lascivo
pseudonym: seudónimo
psyche: Psique
pummel: aporrear
punctilious: puntilloso
pundit: pandit
pungent: acre
punitive: punitivo
purblind: ciego
puritanical: puritano
putative: putativo
quaint: pintoresco
qualify: calificar
qualitative: cualitativo
quandary: dilema
quasi: cuasi
quay: muelle
quell: calmar
querulous: quejumbroso
query: consulta
queue: cola
quiescent: inactivo
quintessential: por excelencia
quixotic: quijotesco
quizzical: burlón
quotidian: cotidiano
ramification: ramificación
rampant: desenfrenado
rancor: rencor
rapacious: rapaz
rapture: rapto
rarefied: enrarecido
ratify: ratificar
ratiocination: raciocinacación
rationale: razón fundamental
raucous: estridente
reactionary: reaccionario
rebuff: rechazo
rebuke: reprensión
rebut: refutar
recalcitrant: recalcitrante
recant: renunciar
recidivism: reincidencia
reciprocal: recíproca
reclaim: reclamar
reclusive: solitario
recondite: recóndito
recrimination: recriminación
redeem: redimir
redolent: fragante
redress: compensación
redundant: redundante
referendum: referéndum
refractory: refractario
refute: refutar
regime: régimen
regimen: régimen
reiterate: reiterar
relegate: relegar
relentless: implacable
relinquish: renunciar
remission: remisión
remonstrate: protestar
remuneration: remuneración
renaissance: Renacimiento
rend: desgarrar
render: hacer
renounce: renuncia
reparation: reparación
repartee: réplicas agudas
repercussion: repercusión
replenish: reponer
replete: repleto
replicate: reproducir exactamente
repose: reposo
reprehensible: reprensible
repress: reprimir
reprimand: reprimenda
reprisal: represalia
reproach: reproche
reprobate: réprobo
reprove: reprender
repudiate: repudiar
repugnant: repugnante
requisite: requisito
resignation: renuncia
resolute: resuelto
respite: respiro
resplendent: resplandeciente
resurrection: Resurrección
reticent: reticente
retort: retorta
retrospect: retrospección
revamp: modernizar
revel: jaranear
revere: reverenciar
revile: injuriar
revulsion: repugnancia
rhapsodize: extasiarse
rhetoric: retórica
ribald: obsceno
rife: abundante
rigorous: riguroso
rivet: remache
robust: robusto
rogue: pícaro
rout: derrota
rudimentary: rudimentario
rue: ruda
ruminate: rumiar
rustic: rústico
saccharine: sacarina
sacrilege: sacrilegio
sacrosanct: sacrosanto
sagacious: sagaz
salient: saliente
sally: salida
salutary: saludable
salutation: saludo
sanctimonious: mojigato
sanction: sanción
sanguine: optimista
sarcasm: sarcasmo
sardonic: sardónico
savant: sabio
scant: escaso
schism: cisma
scintillate: centellear
scorn: desdén
scrupulous: escrupuloso
scrutinize: escudriñar
seamless: sin costura
secede: secesionarse
seclusion: reclusión
sect: secta
secular: secular
sedentary: sedentario
sedition: sedición
segregate: segregar
self-made: salir adelante por sí mismo
sensory: sensorial
sententious: sentencioso
sentient: sensible
sequester: secuestrar
serendipity: serendipia
serene: sereno
serpentine: serpentina
servile: servil
shackle: encadenar
shibboleth: santo y seña
shrewd: perspicaz
singular: singular
sinister: siniestro
skirmish: escaramuza
skittish: asustadizo
slake: apagar
slander: calumnia
sloth: perezoso
sobriety: sobriedad
solace: consuelo
solidarity: solidaridad
solvent: solvente
soporific: soporífero
sordid: sórdido
sovereign: soberano
spate: avalancha
spawn: desovar
specious: especioso
specter: espectro
spectrum: espectro
sporadic: esporádico
spurious: espurio
spurn: rechazar
squalor: miseria
squander: malgastar
stagnation: estancamiento
stalwart: leal
stark: rígido
static: estático
staunch: firme
steadfast: firme
stigmatize: estigmatizar
stint: escatimar
stipend: estipendio
stipulate: estipular
stoic: estoico
stolid: flemático
stout: cerveza negra
stratagem: estratagema
stratum: estrato
stricture: constricción
strife: lucha
stringent: riguroso
stupendous: estupendo
stupor: estupor
stymie: bloquear
subjugate: subyugar
sublime: sublime
subordinate: subordinar
subside: disminuir
subsidiary: filial
subsidize: subvencionar
substantiate: justificar
substantive: sustantivo
subterfuge: subterfugio
subtle: sutil
subversive: subversivo
succinct: sucinto
succumb: sucumbir
suffice: satisfacer
suffrage: sufragio
suffuse: bañar
sumptuous: suntuoso
supercilious: arrogante
superficial: superficial
superfluous: superfluo
supersede: reemplazar
supine: supino
supplication: súplica
suppress: reprimir
surfeit: exceso
surmise: conjetura
surreal: surrealista
surreptitious: subrepticio
surrogate: sustituto
susceptible: susceptible
sweeping: barrido
sycophant: sicofante
syntax: sintaxis
synthesis: síntesis
systemic: sistémica
tacit: tácito
taciturn: taciturno
tactical: táctico
taint: mancha
tangential: tangencial
tangible: tangible
tantamount: equivalente
tautological: tautológica
tedium: tedio
teem: abundar
temerity: temeridad
temperate: templado
temporal: temporal
temporize: contemporizar
tenable: sostenible
tenacious: tenaz
tenet: principio
tentative: tentativo
tenuous: tenue
tepid: tibio
terse: breve
theology: teología
thesis: tesis
thorny: espinoso
threshold: límite
throttle: acelerador
thwart: frustrar
timorous: timorato
tirade: diatriba
titillate: excitar
titular: titular
toil: esfuerzo
torpor: letargo
tortuous: tortuoso
touchstone: piedra de toque
tout: revendedor
toxic: tóxico
transcend: trascender
transfix: traspasar
transgress: transgredir
transient: transitorio
trauma: trauma
travesty: parodia
trenchant: incisivo
trepidation: miedo
triumvirate: triunvirato
tryst: cita
tumult: tumulto
turbid: túrbido
turmoil: confusión
turpitude: depravación
ubiquitous: ubicuo
uncanny: misterioso
unconscionable: excesivo
unctuous: untuoso
underlying: subyacente
undermine: socavar
underscore: guion bajo
underwrite: suscribir
uniform: uniforme
unilateral: unilateral
unremitting: incesante
unwitting: involuntario
urbane: urbano
usurp: usurpar
usury: usura
utilitarian: utilitario
utopia: utopía
vacillate: vacilar
vacuous: vacío
vagary: capricho
vanquish: vencer a
vapid: insípido
vehement: vehemente
venal: venal
veneer: chapa
venerate: venerar
veracity: veracidad
verbose: verboso
verdant: verde
verge: borde
verisimilitude: verosimilitud
verity: verdad
vernacular: vernáculo
vestige: vestigio
vex: vejar
viable: viable
vicarious: vicario
vicissitude: vicisitud
vie: rivalizar
vigilant: vigilante
vignette: viñeta
vilify: vilipendiar
vindicate: vindicar
vindictive: vengativo
virtuoso: virtuoso
virulent: virulento
viscous: viscoso
visionary: visionario
vitiate: viciar
vitriolic: vitriólico
vivacious: vivaz
vocation: vocación
vociferous: vociferante
vogue: moda
volatile: volátil
volition: voluntad
voluminous: voluminoso
voluptuous: voluptuoso
voracious: voraz
waft: ráfaga
waive: renunciar
wake: despertar
wane: menguar
wanton: sin sentido
warrant: orden
wary: cauteloso
willful: deliberado
wistful: anhelante
wizened: arrugado
woe: aflicción
wrath: ira
zealous: celoso
zeitgeist: creencias durante un tiempo determinado
zenith: cenit
